test:  reorder the omega suite for a v_1 model .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  creates   testsuite
truth:  reorders   a

test:  get the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test that the begin probes works as expected .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  test   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach voters user ids to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  get   null
truth:  attach   votes

test:  adds given paths to a theme .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  adds   magnitude
truth:  add   locale

test:  given a template name and a file name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  null   return
truth:  turn   null

test:  generate extra path in xml format .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   path

test:  return full file path for reading .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  read   a
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  delete a vhost policy via rabbitmqctl policy .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  add minimum grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  add   add
truth:  get   get

test:  write a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  display   a
truth:  null   bottom

test:  function log a test step function .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  train   step
truth:  null   method

test:  find program and find in a tool .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  password   sequences
truth:  if   path

test:  request a problem to be rescored as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  fixture that returns a celery celery use this fixture to change the test config from the test .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  redefine   null

test:  decorator which automatically be called from a specified function .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  function to parse a time for the provided format .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  function   function
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the twisted mainloop to be run inside cfrunloop mainloop .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  return id into a recipe id given a recipe id and/or a recipe path to '/results/' file given a task id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   task

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  module   home
truth:  null   home

test:  returns an iterable of colors for a specific node .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  responds the users groups and the given uid .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  resolve   convert
truth:  process   process

test:  locate items inside a list of default/person and returns a list of user names .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  locate   input
truth:  set   a

test:  decode a new string with json from html .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  compute an image onto a theano scalar x .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  makes   sqrt
truth:  null   covariance

test:  only succeed if the given value is less than the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  find the index in left by older volumes .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  find   tuples
truth:  indices   indices

test:  internal routine to make a session .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  clear   py
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  verifying   test

test:  replace dots with unix newlines .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  clean   change
truth:  fix   line

test:  check that user using assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   -
truth:  check   check

test:  lists the lists for batches .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  lists   method
truth:  split   split

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  run   run
truth:  null   logic

test:  return a file path to a file on the file path .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  updates the exception in annotations and store in annotations with default parameters .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  request   request

test:  gets a number of seconds between two husl at a time .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  train vbs and _ignore_keys functions .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  null   x
truth:  subset   subset

test:  executes a uniform partially matched crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  invert a list of functions in sequence x .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  check if the file-like object has changed .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  if   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  right element or trim color function .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  expands   returns
truth:  decorate   a

test:  given a description in one element and build a description of values .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  given   function
truth:  build   a

test:  the main program sets up the commands line switch to one of the path .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  update max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  add   max_staleness
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task to start a task and clear it to a task .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  start   start

test:  generate explicit element from integer .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  null   apply
truth:  yields   null

test:  returns the integration manager manager .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get a value for the post processing .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  to   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  creates a unique options group .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  creates   helper
truth:  defines   null

test:  test if netaddr is a periodic connonical .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  send a list haproxy haproxy backend haproxy haproxy backend socket haproxy the backend socket cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  server   a
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  like os .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  model   working
truth:  go   null

test:  return a file containing the remotes and optional status of the file server on the file server .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  make matched text @builtin text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  swap   swap

test:  a convenience function for connecting the correct error function .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  displaying the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  if   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  render a user instance into the default password for the user .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  edit   password
truth:  null   login

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the task is visible .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  measure of the asymmetry of the probability distribution positive skew indicates that most of the values lie to the right of the mean skewness(x) = e( ((x - e(x))/sigma)**3 )
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  measure   iterator
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all volumes belonging to a backup volume id .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  press the keyboard button for volume volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   press
truth:  press   press

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   endpoints
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  builds a string from a predicate that can be used in a python 3 .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  doing   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  reset all tests by shut down the task and fix tests .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  reset   test
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  return the indices of the elements in the ndarray array .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dict mapping variables to different variables .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  prints   ec2
truth:  given   null

test:  take the value passed .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  return bytes from sequence in sequence b .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  bytes   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  update code for the process of your code .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  update   runs
truth:  shuts   null

test:  get the desired version of module version .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   version

test:  wrapper around the forrt driver class .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  return   options
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shutdown the system delay setting the system will be rebooted before the system will be rebooted .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  null   information
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  from make_wrappable() .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-creator start a deployment in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup data for whereroutein .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  setup   remove
truth:  enable   enable

test:  randomly hash hash used in the response to generate a randomly generated password .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  password   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  determine the aws path where the pack is located .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  determine   path
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  a decorator for getting an 500 handler and throws a handler .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  null   api

test:  download an scp file .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  downloads   install
truth:  run   run

test:  sets the relevant warning .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  use   use

test:  create a new python site for python related info .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  check if slug is valid .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set vault for a file .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the sequential ports from enum object .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  turn   a

test:  like object .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert native object into python object .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  given   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  uses the dominating dominated to compute the given nodes in a undirected set of nodes with a dominating dominated dominated nodes .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  return   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  construct a socks5 structure .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  connected   remove

test:  returns the courses redirect to the given url for the given course .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  because sys .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  null   reference
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  build options to prepend them in a path .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  build   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  disconnect a converter from all episode/photo .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  return   failure
truth:  set   x

test:  this lists an key/value pairs of the partition sequence .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  translate   returns
truth:  create   dask

test:  get a connection name by name .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  predefined   return
truth:  resolve   a

test:  return the fragments coordinate of the list of fragments .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes main loop to zero .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected assignment_params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_tag_without_context_parameter
truth:  expected   null

test:  creates and returns a dynamic wtforms with the given generators .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  form   form

test:  convert the name of a folder path to a folder path .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return a url .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  return   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test that port can be checked out a valid queue port number .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  test   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the rich-club representation of a directed graph g .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  find   find

test:  reads all records in file .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  reads   representer
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  convert a transfer documentation to a 'inplace'else symbol .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  perform   imports
truth:  replace   a

test:  return the path specified in the user-specific config file .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tenant url .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  return   method
truth:  set   up

test:  call background library with given pywin32 .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  call   a
truth:  null   method

test:  given an email address .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  given   null
truth:  look   up

test:  return the on the loose module name .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create legend quantities .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  create   display
truth:  function   function

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  replace   sleep
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  active view .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load pickled object from the pareto format .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update an namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  return a dict containing the value for the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  return   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  remove latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  latex   latex

test:  prints all translation for value given value .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  display   display

test:  set the default time .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  set   database
truth:  update   update

test:  return the dl is in the form that is in microseconds .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  handles exception name from code structured files .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  checks   a

test:  create path .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  verify   create

test:  return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  determine if the group name is selected .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compute extra data from the device-relative spider .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  all scenarios dependencies that have the given f/g .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  count   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  validate an exploration in the collection .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever within no quotes within no snippet within a new quotes should pass to identify things .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  fetch a task class .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  format a timestamp with the format defined in the configuration file .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a tuple that will start with the data .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  create   unix
truth:  return   return

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return equation for rectangular cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  creates a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  write the given python object to a string .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  write   function
truth:  object   object

test:  override and parametrize default config ids .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  used   override
truth:  override   override

test:  build a server .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  test installing from svn elb .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  uninstalling   uninstalling
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  simple loglikelihood wrapper around startth .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose keys are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   dependencies
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  returns the path to pkg from a file .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  returns   packages
truth:  displays   null

test:  convert two rows into a matrix .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which are a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   f
truth:  get   a

test:  sync sync modules from salt://_wheel to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   queue
truth:  sync   sync

test:  return true if the specified traceback is actually a new traceback .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  handle   jinja2
truth:  null   null

test:  validate the specified user .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  validate   returns
truth:  view   helper

test:  example: {% favicon_path %} .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test that the given value is the same as the parameter type .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  null   parameters

test:  creates a user for a defined user .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  to   null

test:  handle expected and options .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  asserts   compare
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert numbers to list .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns the translation directory for desktop .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  override   override

test:  get json file needed to get json contents from a list of json files .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  list   pairs
truth:  iterate   null

test:  decorator for demonstrate intersection methods in module execution .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   functools

test:  update an esxcli command line from the configuration files .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: screenshot adds support for a build to complete .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  process   null
truth:  null   null

test:  escape all urls within a list of text .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  adjust   escape
truth:  insert   insert

test:  support function for copy_reg to pickle output .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  construct a variable .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  null   psutil

test:  returns a random random random characters .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  copies a list of python code to functions .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  copies   python
truth:  searches   python

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  given a parsed string .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  given   a
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  return the ca ca point s .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check if there are any two elements .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  serialize and bytes to json .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  null   null
truth:  serializes   a

test:  show all subtitle exceptions .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  show   up
truth:  build   build

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  wait until the specific function created successfully wait for a function .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  wait   null

test:  adds some files in the settings for each db .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  adds   urls
truth:  returns   a

test:  send a message to the log message .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  build   i
truth:  email   email

test:  tries to find a template from the host and a list of templates .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  to   template
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in file format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  read   graph

test:  cast variable to a variable of outline .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  settings   group
truth:  casts   a

test:  context manager for setting the given output groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a new action .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  with colorless output should print a table with colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  apev2 tag value factory .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  module   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  update an save document and returns its revision .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  merge protected facts .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   fix
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  test whether any errors share the 'eth to the vm .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  test   test
truth:  log   log

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   ovs
truth:  register   linux

test:  recursive function to import a hash .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  recursive   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  random test objective function .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  test   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute a query using groebner seq .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  compute   checks
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  return the mnc[ for a list of nodes contained in the nn order .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a version of the end-of-rib header and return a tuple .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  if the user is an int .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  test alone from a different urls .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  add a calendar to the first calendars for this calendar in the log table .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  add   number
truth:  persists   new

test:  fix main documents for adding a main interfaces .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  fix   folder
truth:  determine   a

test:  convenience function to remove the path .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  function   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a list of netstat r .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  return   info
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  initializes documents of directories of stemmer .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  mark   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  convenience method to insert the parameters to the commit tables .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  control   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  return a list of arrays from list of arrays .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a list of tags to a string .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  takes a list of annotated processes and collects the error virtual machine with those arguments that runs the default arguments to be run .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  takes   remove
truth:  delete   a

test:  get path to sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   sys
truth:  get   sys

test:  return the packbitstmp level coefficient .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  return   resource
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a filename from an address and return the contents of it .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  return a dict of plugins registered with all the given plugin name .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  return   set
truth:  get   get

test:  write processing .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  write   callback
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  convenience to make a string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  to   string
truth:  print   print

test:  idp interface for 404s .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  get the device name from the object .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is called in a set of time .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  function   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the length of specified value .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  render - marketplace rotation rotation matrix .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  -   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   version

test:  projects projects .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  test   projects
truth:  list   site

test:  loads additional units for zen editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  return identity objects .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail only .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get the function spec .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  get   null
truth:  resolve   a

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  encode a path relative to unicode .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   returns
truth:  encode   encode

test:  zoom images with a different images .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  zoom   in
truth:  zoom   in

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  if any 304 or 304 header has been set and the status in 304 .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a smart translation id according to the user .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  error   translation
truth:  returns   units

test:  parse the value or raise an exception if the list and return the list .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  builds vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a generator that returns a list of reference names from a list of nodes .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  test that the error message should be raised .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  error   error
truth:  null   censure

test:  add credentials default transport to dataset .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  update   a
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a list of scenarios object and flag or from the compact compact section .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  return   a

test:  get directory to use for all directories stored in the directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  catch config files under history from .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  logging   sets
truth:  null   reload

test:  returns true if the given list of namedtuples .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test that theano matrix comparison of theano word numbers .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return path to find module filepaths .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the provider information for the specified provider .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a single byte array from a buffer .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert some database statistics to a set of database instances .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  configured   get
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   null
truth:  moves   null

test:  detects the syntax in the movie .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   a

test:  used to count values in all values .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  to   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  unsubscribe enqueued of a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  unsubscribe   null
truth:  watching   stop

test:  set the database contents for the given pool .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  do   a
truth:  set   defaults

test:  checks if a database exists on the postgres server .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   find

test:  restart all traffic server nodes in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  ignore   null
truth:  restart   restart

test:  used for fastq parts to multipart parts of an html parts .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  null   read
truth:  read   read

test:  pass me a chunk of strings .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  is   null

test:  checks whether the transaction manager is in managed managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the transaction .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  checks   commits
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return a function with hold .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  decide which ids are not in sequence .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that user ids in contributors and visible_contributor_ids match .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks access works .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a timezone string and return a timezone aware datetime object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate the shortest cost of nodes from a graph .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  generates   args
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   scenario

test:  get a cluster configuration by status .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  get   register
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  unpack items from installrequirement networks .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  convert   version

test:  convert roman .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   integer

test:  the return x .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  view that wraps a session event flow .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  handles   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  convert a list of nf to hex ip addresses .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  return   enable
truth:  convert   convert

test:  run a command and return its stdout/stderr base64 .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  run   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if user is deprecated .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  binary search command .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  returns   runs
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  u'new' decorating a directory .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  using   attempt
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  configure the python configuration .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  queries   replacement
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get equation for admin_password .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert a class path into a package path .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   replace
truth:  convert   a

test:  expand conflicts and delete config file at a time .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  update   head

test:  return sass sass for the given css to be stored inside the systems and the css bounded of all sass sass .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  resolve a user file into an entry containing newline .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  update   reading
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a data template from the given path for containers .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert and ensure a key to a binary string .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  transform   returns
truth:  computes   a

test:  generate otu function .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  generate   butterworth
truth:  list   list

test:  this page lists all automatic os installation to the user and has links to the editable .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  control   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a list of directories in the source folder .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  imports an object given a dotted object and return a string representing the string path .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a crc32 checksum of a data .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   version

test:  uninstall a capability args: capability: the capability to be removed access an offline windows access : the path to the capability .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  add   a
truth:  install   a

test:  flip an image from the shared image .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  add to the dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  to   attribute
truth:  to   add

test:  extract volume object from a swarm .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  base   base

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return all the python related files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  return   search
truth:  search   search

test:  install a command-line arguments using a reactor level .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  the restful handler for course .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  null   null
truth:  obtains   null

test:  returns true if connect to casava is used in a list .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   null

test:  return the disk usage of a path .
truth: given a path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  return the list of environment names .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  null   parameter_type_list
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  convert a sympy/numpy matrix to a scipy .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a vm snapshot based on disk .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  build   transforms
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a byte integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  feed a gcode linear move file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   bottom

test:  utility function to replace extra key modified by requests .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  text   syntax
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user member are logged in .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  as a dictionary for beta branch beta .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  solves   null

test:  initializes a modules to the natural modules this function is convenient the same as house[mod] algorithm .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture providing a window and a fake forked .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  return the first selector for a package .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  search   a
truth:  query   a

test:  delete a volume from the volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  test screed -> shared elemwise -> identical asserts that we have a representation of the users dimshuffle here to have shared exact .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   kinds

test:  make sure a server calls an api endpoint for a response with the given response .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  if   up
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the path for the specified filename .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assign valid lhs function .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  parse   updates
truth:  create   lhs

test:  takes a batch matrix allocate the given size of an shape fashion composed of inputs .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  query   figure
truth:  function   function

test:  detects the total source sizes .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  decide   prediction
truth:  get   get

test:  time series forecast .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   gap
truth:  flow   flow

test:  given a list of files .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  name   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list_opt : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   null
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture providing a readlinebridge .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  if annotation is not empty .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  function   function

test:  like x**n but returns a collection to a collection .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  like   a
truth:  split   up

test:  return the specified networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   networks
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if path is a link to the final fragment .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of lists of function-group .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  setup 'switch' component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  initialize   null

test:  overwriting the cmd python module makes debugging modules with pdb a bit harder so lets do it this way instead .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  overwriting   load
truth:  to   rename

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   one
truth:  scan   one

test:  test raw functionality .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  test   methods

test:  takes a note that note that note that note is shut at date and returns an api on the note is dropped on the same date on the api is
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes rankvals inverse encoding .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  takes   enable
truth:  tie   correction

test:  get the scan value of a scan on the task id .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  get   replacement
truth:  returns   status

test:  update the specified player .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  update   null
truth:  input   input

test:  normalize the canonicalized absolute pathname .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  key function to create a new tenant and create a new tenant .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  compute the common neighbors of two nodes in ebunch using ebunch .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convenience function to create timer object and call number of overall values .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  test that moto image can be loaded .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  test   run
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  compare two lists of a and b .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return a mock object with the given name .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   a

test:  retrieve quota state info .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a dictionary mapping function .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  given a string .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  replace   variant
truth:  to   null

test:  splits a dictionary into a list of ns fields .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  given   null

test:  display an empty font .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  display   null
truth:  displays   a

test:  return the metadata of a user from the group of a group and all blobs .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  if   a
truth:  has   null

test:  check the sending of the specified auth traps the user to check the allowed to label it is enabled .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  check   snmp
truth:  manage   null

test:  make a sample table for a node some mf can make a sample table for an language code .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  make   result
truth:  sample   sample

test:  helper function to add compatible version information to the empty list .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  function   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  parses the soap enveloped part of the same name and returns the appropriate one .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  extract the certificate info of an image .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  if there is a string .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  computes the color function at gamma color .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  return   custom

test:  test rasterization with tight_layout .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  test   check
truth:  function   function

test:  find subscription info for user subscriptions on node .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  find   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  start the track .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  log   run
truth:  spawn   a

test:  return a friendly index .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  return   illumina
truth:  null   null

test:  add a password password to the password database .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  add   update
truth:  set   set

test:  check that the list of case-insensitive duplicated function is supported .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  file   verifies
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of all available kernel functions cli example: .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  sends   a

test:  a view that is requested with get some response .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  creates a wait for a wait parameter .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fire   fire

test:  generates the output width for tokens as tokens .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  generates   =
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a cpu flags are currently info .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  creates two targets for a interpolation .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  null   null
truth:  weighted   null

test:  only runs on debian and greater .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  runs   work
truth:  work   work

test:  returns a boolean value for a given module .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  parse a document from a document or object .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get an indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  stores items in the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  project   items
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  add elements to xml element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  add   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  ensures a rule is absent based on the csf provided .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dictionary .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  returns json representation of stream .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for debugging on failure .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  transforms   a

test:  return a warning object for full keychain servers .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  return   null
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  returns a best html template .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return an http client .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invalidates and return the hash directory .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  read   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata from a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sent the text into a list of tuples .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  transforms   transforms
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a collection containing all the elements of a collection .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  build   build

test:  calculate the height tiles spectral number of tiles .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  create   get
truth:  get   a

test:  perform classification score of two one score .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  perform   dot
truth:  null   classification

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  return   paths

test:  validates that value is a valid config key and save config .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  validates   prints
truth:  null   null

test:  check a function name .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  return   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  return a row in a row .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  enable authentication key key for the actually use in a blob engine .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  stores   stores

test:  return true if were detected by file .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  return   reload
truth:  returns   current

test:  parse the raw api response .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a reasonable block block based on a response content .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual role based on the given string .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the description of a line in a path starting with the same path .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  return   a

test:  split the given string .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  split   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return displays letters matching a correct locale .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  combine   debugging
truth:  converts   a

test:  make sure we can tokenize functions .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   class
truth:  make   null

test:  setup a axis according to a single grid or grid .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  setup   post
truth:  null   a

test:  save the hypermedia_in urls using v2 .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  save   default
truth:  open   playlists

test:  get an action .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   resource
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if file is a framework path .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   framework

test:  disassociate custom installation file .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  get an coords object .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of targets which are in the same targets available as pattern .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute an instance of the action cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  get the number of projects .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  handle a cpu cpu cpu cpu vs .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  given   httpd
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a mac address representation of a and mac address .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   map
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that currently logged-in user has specified permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  verifies   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a dict with the old license titles .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   uses
truth:  returns   a

test:  quote an argument so that it can be used in a shell line by stripping with severity or double quotes .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  null   escape
truth:  null   quote

test:  delete a application cli example: .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  unpack a previously registered response .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the len() class or the table given the dict .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  tests for adding clients to a non-regression test cases .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  adding   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  change the default user library .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  change   style
truth:  null   style

test:  filter external domain name from a product .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sets the syntax library in libc .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  recursive helper function for :func:dmp_degree_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of dead jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  control   control
truth:  test   job

test:  store an auth backend .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  null   -
truth:  if   null

test:  join a matrices matrix .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compose docker data to the operating system path .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  compose   a
truth:  create   create

test:  verify mocks .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  mocks   null
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  searches for the directory where filename is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns true if the release is a release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  just calling things with a galaxy galaxy galaxy class .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  set   test
truth:  mock   mock

test:  create a new folder .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   temporary
truth:  create   a

test:  trims tensor yellow decomposition of the correlation matrix parameters axis : array_like .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  close   information
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  perform a versioned resource type .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the a solidstot is used from get_tuple_coords .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  make the data specifications in selected results .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  call   loop
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  do   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  return a comma-separated stream .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  log   windows
truth:  create   create

test:  compare two dictionaries against a single column .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return true if f has no polynomials in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  a generator for removing the entries from a file .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  null   split
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an event notification .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  register   register

test:  list users .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create an absolute url to the given url .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  null   urls
truth:  make   null

test:  return a checksum in file-like object into a dictionary .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  redirects to the given function .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  to   a
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a valid format for being a valid format .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the canonical part of a numeric part .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  caused a value .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  return the binary location .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  return   return
truth:  does   a

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  the total average range against two dimensional mean .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to return a dom field .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start twisted in twisted .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the environment variables for a node .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  context   context

test:  for a class .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get to build a python file .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  filename   equivalent
truth:  pickled   load

test:  default logging handler for the process .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  logging   log
truth:  sets   up

test:  rest controller .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  like n_steps .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  null   html
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  returns the gamma reciprocal of n to gamma the empty field .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return a list of packages cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a message on a topic and wait for a response .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  create a trigger model model db object in the trigger yet definition as dict .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a name to a pathname .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  for an integer .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  this method checks if a value is a build tool shed algorithm and not allow testing the second integer values required by the value is a dictionary of attributes .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  display command line arguments .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  display   nipype

test:  performs a verify request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  mock the template name .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the index for the test case .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  set   set
truth:  assert   assert

test:  grab the current settings and execute the second kind of quantities .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  show   show

test:  check it exists on disk .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  submit user post release .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  setup   set
truth:  submits   a

test:  helper function to convert blobs from database .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  function   network
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the instance label used in a range .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the hash for caching block structures .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return a tuple containing all action actions .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  null   return
truth:  creates   classes

test:  return a list of tuples by a list of queues .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  handle trivial polynomials in a field .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  trivial   return
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  consume   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  vectorized transpose a square matrix to the given vector size .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  vectorized   null
truth:  transposes   null

test:  enable or run & run a publisher to render profile .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  get or create data source .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  get   return
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if the minion as a minion target target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   return
truth:  find   find

test:  make a errcheck window for span .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  null   item
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a module that can be used as a collector collector .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  provide provide tasks that enables the app remote server or random format .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return an order of x along the current axis .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator which exempts the function from nickname and hostname blocking .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return an image mode .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  return   a
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the path from a fallback and a wsgi content .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  stream   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function will decorate a list of arguments into a single flipwritable and kwargs .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  to   calls
truth:  strip   a

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  creates a certificate dict .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  provides   a

test:  return the win32 .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all the available plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  run   run

test:  context manager that keeps empty and fail through path .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  context   path
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a dict mapping discussion_ids to respective metadata for the course .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a hash for a given mime-type .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   commands

test:  raise an error on the provided error dict .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  error   name
truth:  make   null

test:  creates a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a string in an iterable .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  add an eeg raw to the eeg ref .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  add   null
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a set of target at target using the target class .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  register   target

test:  returns a list of all the two strings .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  finds   null

test:  this should be used only from main thread .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  use   use

test:  return the status for the rest_sample service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  params['fig standard events .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check if a service is running on the rest_sample .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  if   enable
truth:  return   return

test:  simple logging wrapper that returns the input parameter .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  print   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  set inheritance for the object args: path: the path to the dacl for object inheritance the object inheritance true will enable the inherited aces to the dacl before disabling inheritance
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  this function takes a decomposed dn as parameter and returns a new set of 2 elements of the split text .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator that records a function to be run and return a deferred .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  every of the docinfo collate successfully .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  update source for all source files .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  update   info
truth:  finds   null

test:  dummy implementation of doctest .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  mixed   null
truth:  test   test

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  queues an email change a system .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   user
truth:  queues   a

test:  parse multiple object definitions documents from a string or stream .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   multiple
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert that the tpot scoring function raises a valueerror when the issue has been initialized with a particular state .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  does necessary setup to factory to factory .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  does   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the filename to store existing bucket from the cache directory .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  spectral of two strings .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  null   a
truth:  multiply   a

test:  upload a blob to a blob of post label .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  upload   upload

test:  ensure that a directory for production exists .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits sucessfully .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  convert data to dict .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  import   calculate
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  update an existing traces .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  mark a new expression as well .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  see   null

test:  returns the value of a variable .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if n is selfridge parameters n : ndarray .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   lucas

test:  look up the desktop environment .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  format a url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check trr surface field .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require an auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  return the every possible root command and optional configuration file .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  search   search

test:  return an object with user names or list of user names .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  locate   a
truth:  url   url

test:  parse arguments into account .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  return   a

test:  give a list of page where the user can get id or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  update global time and add a db .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   up
truth:  update   update

test:  decorator that checks if the call to specify a user can be run .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the one-line macro twice and return a dict of three scalars containing a theano mapreduce .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  add   add

test:  test that pootle_path and on-disk value is marked as expected .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  the default prefix for temporary directories as bytes .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  null   return
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   paste
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test %%prun with ipython special timeit .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  write a value to a gpio .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decode an lines from a unicode string .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  fixed   return

test:  test that subclass throws an error .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  test   disconnect
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  loads a file and push urls to a 'visual' .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  get   path

test:  return true if the given file is gzip in the compute sensor .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get the x intersection of the segment from x intersections .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a timestamp into a datetime .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  notify deploy:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns ssh information to use when the "safe" process is applied .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  return the 180 app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  send   enable
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict with keys of all case and values of them .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  return   files
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns whether the user is blocked from a blocked relationship .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a json device from a json output file .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  retrieve   in
truth:  parse   parse

test:  given a filename and a dictionary where it is valid .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  given   a
truth:  load   data

test:  a decorator which accepts members from a property with a nice context .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  null   function
truth:  wraps   null

test:  calculate the gwmt for a given gdnt using a different number of n .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  converts an enabled value into a numeric integer .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  converts   value
truth:  to   null

test:  replace accumulated before reloading to case .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  replace   replaces
truth:  null   locale

test:  a pickleable python implementation that need to be ignored .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  filter out the subset of a filtering object filtering .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  filter   convert
truth:  if   check

test:  return the dimensions of the first word .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  return   loop
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  performs a server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  performs   change
truth:  null   one

test:  runs commands .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  lists   parses
truth:  given   a

test:  check if code is valid .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a floating point number .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  predict function for running in the bokeh python .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  function   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return the leading monomial of f and options .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the 'noargumentisallowed generator .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  null   return
truth:  check   check

test:  set response attributes into response dictionary .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  read   headers
truth:  attach   response

test:  test the gzip .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return object where a file is a file or a file name is given .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  time scaling of the input representation of a sound stocenv: ystoc representation timescaling: input representation of a sound stocenv: representation .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  scaling   scaling
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  load and return the contents of a file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersections from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  index   add
truth:  add   add

test:  document -> tree was created with the given description .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   category

test:  merge multiple dictionaries .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   value
truth:  merge   merge

test:  removes files related to directory .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  kill all of the given plugin .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  kill   null
truth:  tear   null

test:  get all the n nodes from a string .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  write this image representing a write data to a write binary file .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns true if the chordal graph g .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a value from makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the tensorflow expression of target at least two distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  returns   coefficient
truth:  computes   binary

test:  get a mode that can be expressed in the database .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  get   salts
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  read a config file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  read   read
truth:  code   code

test:  convert crypto information to request_id .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  requests   null
truth:  context   context

test:  return a string representation of a row that is an excel datetime object .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  reset the path phrases from the git database .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  reset   init
truth:  resets   null

test:  replacement for using the dipole .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  using   operation
truth:  null   null

test:  html management page method for the html characters .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  null   color
truth:  test   test

test:  lists all objects available at a particular vm .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  a charts .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  format number of code for a phone number .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   parse
truth:  format   a

test:  lead add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a float element in 1d objects .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  returns   equivalent
truth:  null   converter

test:  returns the configuration cli example: .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  null   null

test:  return the staff label for settings page .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  return   settings
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get current idle setting in seconds cli example: .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  swaps a blend tempreturn to the input individuals .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  executes   default
truth:  apply   a

test:  returns a list of etcd for given router .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  hadamard the inverse modulo linear patterns from the v1 v1 .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  null   truncate
truth:  sum   sum

test:  return the interactive python interactive environment .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  text   return
truth:  text   text

test:  task put to task and handle value: time .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  expand saving to expand user configuration .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  handle   workflow
truth:  figure   figure

test:  return image with an rgb filter .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  matching   replace
truth:  color   color

test:  return dictionary with the given key and http response context .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  create an rpc account .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  create   create
truth:  get   service

test:  return a setting that can edit a given model name .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  parse a phyloxml and return distance distance matrix .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  given   return
truth:  build   build

test:  test planck when a team is saved .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  get the authenticate access url in a given search .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  get   api
truth:  null   api

test:  parse a container token into a tuple .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  inverts of a stable b-spline function .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  set/get the given list of strings .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  take   shortcut
truth:  does   null

test:  returns the tricomplex flag that can be used to generate the other other other segment of the other other function .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  given two colors .
truth: two branches . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   branches

test:  parse the configuration file and return a configuration object .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  converts a classelse class to a python object .
truth: return method class . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  return   method

test:  compute mean along an x .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  given   x
truth:  return   x

test:  return local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a string .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  for galaxy_test_file_dir multiple multiple year .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  null   year
truth:  return   a

test:  return the list of python manifest instance from the package .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  return   path
truth:  update   update

test:  renders an entire value for displaying a inlines .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  renders   render
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all of the files stored on the master .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  implementation of gid .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  null   process
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  join join and container information from dynamic should be in us arrays .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  return   redirects
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  outset   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   set
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a window is today .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  retrieve raw dataset .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the line clique graph of an bipartite node .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the file path .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the nth primorial instance of n .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  turns a string or a bytes to the secrets bytes .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  query   encode
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test reactive arcs without transform using ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   reactive

test:  remove a masquerade operation on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   undo
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  return the name of given filename and ref .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  return   content
truth:  read   read

test:  find documentfor fields from document .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  null   normalizes
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  helper function to iterate over options dictionary .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  wrapper for interactive mode .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  null   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert the int raise an int to make it integer .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   mac
truth:  convert   mac

test:  for distros .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a read distribution instance .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  given   request
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  evaluate a https requirement: key = none under the given parent ii .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  evaluate   parameters
truth:  null   mine

test:  sort arrays in 360 off of a matplotlib plot .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  converts   distance
truth:  returns   returns

test:  cleanup facebook .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  cleanup   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the weights of a sphere .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  returns   reduction
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  datetimes   null
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  reboot power down the virtual machine .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  splits   power
truth:  reboot   a

test:  parse a sphinx string .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  converts a torrent to the torrent path and return the corresponding unicode path .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  converts   sign
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  like string .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  prompt user to print a yes/no question values along a mattermost value .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  prompt   question
truth:  based   null

test:  return square-free polynomials over finite fields .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generate empty slices for a single dimension .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the safe context for the current thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   runs
truth:  get   get

test:  return partition device names to display this minion cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  install the twisted mainloop to be run inside cfrunloop mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  takes a base64 encoded pem and returns a base64 encoded string .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return an information for name from the value .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   words
truth:  change   change

test:  run the subprocess command and return a boolean status .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  null   download
truth:  run   +

test:  mail outbox .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  return   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  raise exception if content handler is not a superfluous header .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  handle the url to the two-dimensional url .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  given   null

test:  verify the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  dump   print
truth:  log   log

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  perform a series of test to print an error .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  null   show
truth:  displays   a

test:  format a time in iso 8601 format into a unix date in bytes .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if provided test is executed under module .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  tasuki gap .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  modified   null

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   a
truth:  select   a

test:  another wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  multiply two labeled polynomials through leading labeled algorithm .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  multiply   use
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return string into a single string .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  string   current
truth:  generate   generate

test:  computes multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  squares   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  returns root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  returns   ancestor
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  tries to shown an element with given id and id .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  load a dictionary containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  only load if all the modules are available .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   statistics

test:  dynamically creates a permutation stream for the given stream .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  build   a

test:  insert a pipeline into a cookie: entry .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  insert   set
truth:  if   null

test:  read findkind tag from a intersect file .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  read   read
truth:  tag   tag

test:  copy a line to another line .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  tokenize   source
truth:  separate   line

test:  logs debug page with appropriate response code .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  logs   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  make sure a package provided for python<2 tests that doesnt already installed .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  build   a
truth:  install   a

test:  dynamically creates a class and returns a string representing a message .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   load
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return the key to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an index of the current content view .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  dont have to send anything .
truth: just return . 
test:  null   restart
truth:  return   return

test:  return information about the specified domain cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a tuple from a valid recaptcha object for google jwts and response .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  submits   a

test:  uses value to set the input parameter from the value passed in .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  set   a
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  summarize   a

test:  insert html source listings into a document in the given document .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  insert   method
truth:  notes   notes

test:  return all global-level if there is a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager for creating a default mode for the current thread .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  lock   manager
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the setup platform .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  converts a seq-object .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  determine gpio input .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  determine   host
truth:  read   a

test:  a variable with background times .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  null   step
truth:  running   background

test:  get all the server groups from a particular instance .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns true if n is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function to set the latest manifest to the specified file .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  function   load
truth:  take   null

test:  iterate over all []group instances of a message by its []group method .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  given a discussion link .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  given   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the absolute outgoing url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  bounce   a

test:  gets the prefix for the prefix and user {% prefix %} .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  find bootstrap and run bootstrap .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  bootstrap   null
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  create a connection to the service client .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  open   a

test:  parse out the first two ipv6 os .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  given   a

test:  check if email address .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  email   null
truth:  determine   reason

test:  given a certificate extensions .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  given   certificates
truth:  load   a

test:  get the session from the database .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a networkx graph from the specified name .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   compute
truth:  create   node

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  method to encode streams using the jpeg2000 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  make   method
truth:  to   method

test:  a post_save can not change the following contents to user .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convenience function for dyadic saltenv = tauchens .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  null   text
truth:  opens   null

test:  yield lines this is currently valid .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  fake   return
truth:  yield   null

test:  return full name to the host .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  return   undo
truth:  null   way

test:  get the submissions :class:db function .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  running importer on a server with two status code .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping dicts .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  skip a test unless a condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  allowed   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove k values to remove duplicate values from a list of keys .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  given   app
truth:  remove   remove

test:  do typical the testing cache for cache files .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  updating   null
truth:  querying   test

test:  writes current name to the specified file .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  save   open
truth:  write   null

test:  registers an image function to save all the frames of a multiframe format .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns all checks whether a tensor is a tensor allclose .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  build common pairs .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  sorts   find
truth:  null   null

test:  attaches a disk as an virtual machine .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  determine the loops multiplied by the loops which are in a graph .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   segments

test:  convert a translation class name to a class .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test that moto correctly fullfills a spot instance id .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a dict of user can be used to write them to a normal dict .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  return   java_jar
truth:  list   muting

test:  get the current idle script cli example: .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a function to handle various charif ordering of functions .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  get the representing the variance-covariance handler that invoke a users handler .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  were   null

test:  return the upper case value .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  rule : rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   analyze
truth:  null   rule

test:  generate nodes of the graph using n nodes .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a list of search modules on the cloud provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  clone changes .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clone   expand
truth:  clones   a

test:  create a new database specified by the options file on the rest_sample cli example: .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  load   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  softmax of iterators in a dictionary of matrices .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts to unicode string .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  to   try

test:  checks to see if stuck is present in the list of stuck .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  if   return
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  use netmiko for an ip address to connect to an ip facts .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  use   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  return list of files for words that are dynamically deployed .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  files   check
truth:  check   spelling

test:  add a variable at x .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  add   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  check if staff is valid .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  to   null
truth:  logout   logout

test:  returns a bool telling if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  make sure the shape of numeric points is same .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  make   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  test interpolation accuracy of iba .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   error
truth:  if   test

test:  return the account record from the views that can be used to generate recommended for a changes in the leading account if there is not found .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  return   account
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if the given object is a function name .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  git backend should be able to install from version names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  backend   git
truth:  backend   backend

test:  return an client client given a tenant token .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a dominating edge matching the specified edge matching the specified edge matching of g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   minimum

test:  check for a string .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a matrix from binary data .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  return   process
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns unicode id .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  url   decoder
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if a test over a given distribution .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  build a version' version using the octahedron-shaped requirements for environmental .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  build   build
truth:  return   return

test:  reference(s): url and add a user with global notation .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  does   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test classification report with iris .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   performance

test:  returns the n-th backreturn of f(x) .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   python

test:  retain a reference to a media library library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  converts a certificate_statuses page to song .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  search   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modify an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  function   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  when a user create an email .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  verify that two fasta scores is used to verify qual scores .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  parses an http accept-* header .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parse   parse

test:  save a string to the current file .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  save   sets
truth:  updates   a

test:  given a series of cell metadata .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  given   a
truth:  print   print

test:  return the decorator for a given line .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a shortcut for the things that just under a sequenceexample dict .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  null   copies
truth:  convert   a

test:  except: together .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   iteration

test:  cast a cython double double double double double double target .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  cast   a

test:  return a replacement table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  return   null
truth:  replaces   a

test:  return an environment variable set from the environment (which is defined .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  return   none
truth:  get   a

test:  list vhosts' to its virgin virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  list   permissions
truth:  return   a

test:  save the status .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  sets   status

test:  update an existing requirements file .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  update   validates
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get new visitors visitors for all new dates in google analytics and save .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   calculate
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  question   starting
truth:  question   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  for testing only need to be used for testing .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  dictionary   configure
truth:  executes   null

test:  check the given package is available for the given package .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs -34 types works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load in an reduction database .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a tuple of strings from a private string .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get all tables in a database .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  get   return
truth:  make   null

test:  unpack only the job id of an artifact under the job id .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator to ensure that the task is a completely entity .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  concatenate elements .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  concatenate   elements
truth:  join   join

test:  generate a date .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates and returns a message with the given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  creates   redirect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for testing this always returns a wsgi response object .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if a single ip or not .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  if   return
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity of nodes connectivity and maximum g .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the bootstrap module is supported by the bootstrap api .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  create a new {}size clades with a given tree .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  create   a
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  prints and heartbeat its rgb block .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  null   var
truth:  print   print

test:  for compatibility .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  null   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  module .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  module   init_declarator
truth:  initialize   null

test:  list the 'quotastats' modules that are supported by the installed version cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  list   list
truth:  runs   runs

test:  remove all errors from lnum] list of errors .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  the inverse lookup voor boolean columns should also work on related to the table objects .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  create   test
truth:  test   test

test:  write to xfs iwtools .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  process   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if a experiment user is enabled .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  create a single vector shared variable with shared variable .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  like   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic broadcastable variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add x output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot the system at any time in seconds before the system will be reboot before the system will be rebooted .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  serve restful handler .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  removes a databases from the mysql server .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  return full pathname to the user-specific python version .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  create   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the draft with the queryset .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the node is an node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   vlans
truth:  add   collar

test:  registered description of n registered in the jay: and equivalent p via a tuple of indices .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return exponential autocorrelation theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  correlation   correlation
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  output the json object describing a vm vm : string vm to be targeted type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  output   a
truth:  lookup   info

test:  list all available pathspec cli example: .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a set union .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  drop-in review review review message .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  review   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse files from incident types .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  files   a
truth:  return   return

test:  swaps matches to the value in an uint8 matches the given value .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  form   utility
truth:  get   get

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  checks if the context variables required by given user .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  to   session
truth:  context   context

test:  check to see if a file folder exists .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  to   function
truth:  if   check

test:  quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which contains double quotes .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   quote

test:  copy the function inside the decorated function from a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  u'module' a single patch locator using the given single patch .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  forces   sync
truth:  run   a

test:  test that normalize present in icrv is present .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  enqueue event account .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  list   test
truth:  be   null

test:  attempts to find an certificate listed in a certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   vocabulary
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get descendant random variables of input variables .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   parent

test:  returns the current user date and 1900 for the given start .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  net : name .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   function
truth:  string   string

test:  return the named password .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  determine outer endpoint for a number of sample probabilities .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  content   generate
truth:  sample   num

test:  delete one or more keys from config .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  project model of the mean transform of a transform at a transform of the mean lamda parameters .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  model   model

test:  unzips a get request module syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  direct   factory
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrades all packages via opkg upgrade returns a dictionary containing the changes: database with opkg via opkg .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  upgrades   a
truth:  run   a

test:  reset ckans database .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  clears   null

test:  test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 302 status code .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   test

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  given two scalarmappable units .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  given   correct
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the commit location of repository repo .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  commit   null
truth:  short   get

test:  capture convolve vectors for redis and examines .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  produces   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a model .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  null   get
truth:  starting   starting

test:  return the linear pdf of the sequence of values in multivariate .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  generates   a

test:  list the certificate statuses .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  list   view
truth:  list   list

test:  return unicode objects for the given object .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  parse a kegg string into a indent .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that value is an instance type .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   python

test:  given a row from the cursor as a dict .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the key stored as a datastore mapping .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  expects   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for new settings - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  set   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  for some cumulative distribution function .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  null   console
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  helper method to update discussions and update discussions .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  null   test
truth:  given   a

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a group id .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  commit riak cluster cli example: .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  review   a
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  yield an object that contains a list of human-readable objects or more key/val pairs .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  load a csv dataset into a dataset .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   csv

test:  returns the checksum of an ipv4 address .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a graphics' document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get codec info mapping file back to words with safely compatibility for .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test for a column that should not be changed .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  issue   links
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test question .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  question   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function for python object to compute obj .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  obj   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  rotate the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  transform   transform

test:  move a new size to an ras matrix .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  join events to use for a given channel or configured hold .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  send   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a token below 2 support .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  atom   atom

test:  creates the directories where path is located in .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  creates   sys
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a gradient create a new css css css css .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  return   network
truth:  create   a

test:  get path from key .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of available files and current request .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  return   copy
truth:  if   current

test:  loop through sys .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   inverse

test:  retrieves user info .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a string showing how many times parameters url : ndarray should be made up to one .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  produce   null

test:  make sure a bar can external with a simple plot .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  assert   variant
truth:  null   bar

test:  a wrapper around unicode .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  value   returns
truth:  forces   a

test:  convert a list of index for an index .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  convert   attempts
truth:  converts   a

test:  hash of string concatenation .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  hex   encode
truth:  using   encoder

test:  internal helper to create an exceptions .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user has page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return the global locales used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance id .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a 1d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  returns the cache object .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  move to specific position all or specified position .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  saves   move
truth:  to   move

test:  compute size of pdf op with respect to buffer .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  return   bottom

test:  write flv to standard normal stream .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  generated   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a collection of collection to collection server .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  returns   request
truth:  build   metadata

test:  change the user for this minion cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  source: output wrapper around url .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  null   join
truth:  get   get

test:  given a list of tuples of each entry in pending entries .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  object   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the context for the given context .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  check if an existing users exists .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  subtract an element of the ground domain from f .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   null
truth:  subtract   null

test:  get the random items for all push .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  get   print
truth:  select   null

test:  if the lamps lecun lecun .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  null   a
truth:  load   load

test:  preprocess an undirected graph of a connected undirected graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  serialize the wiki in a single iam way .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  puts   helper
truth:  store   info

test:  decorator for checking access before executing an http endpoint .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs an interactive python shell in a subprocess application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns true if the ipv4 address represents a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load an instance of the admin data .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  load   return
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the directory path for a template .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the average from distances .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  calculate   test
truth:  given   a

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  make sure version of sys .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   minimum

test:  executes a number of points in the input t and standard deviation *sigma* on the input t by rand_structure() .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  mutate   null

test:  group command line tool .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   script

test:  check if a string is actually a comment of strings .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  regression test for url .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  this is used to terminate a(k) * binomial * binomial zeros + entailment + beginning/start polynomials .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail unless the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  a simple users handler .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  null   view
truth:  list   list

test:  returns stcs or labels corresponding to course stcs .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  label   label

test:  write a string tag to a fif file .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper method to check whether a string is still a possible pattern .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  if   null

test:  merges an item or the l .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  merge   directory

test:  shows new login block .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates the url for handlers that use library_keys as url parameters .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the ordering of permutations from independent distribution .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  compute   linear
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  compute the list of objects .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  add   add

test:  a helper method to get the root name based on a group .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  computes polynomial resultant algorithm in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  computes   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator to catch methods .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  to   null
truth:  format   playlist

test:  determine if a certificate has a full certificate .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  if   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  enqueue the specified args and add it to a job .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  save   function
truth:  null   a

test:  remove duplicates from sequence wile preserving order .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  duplicates   use
truth:  return   return

test:  hash a password with the provided password password args: password : mappings to the server .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  null   configuration
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a dummy error message with an including load_builtins .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  null   log
truth:  log   log

test:  return the characters that key by shifting the characters of key .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  shift   shift

test:  function for dataset .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  loads   factory
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   status
truth:  set   status

test:  return the inet status of the current host .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   network

test:  run a loader .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  run   a
truth:  imports   data

test:  return the argument to wrap a function .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  return   element
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  return recompose function which will be used by the recompose along the same array .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  insert   identity

test:  list all *pyc files recursively .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  list   new
truth:  loads   everything

test:  load authentication registry from an moments .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  load   point
truth:  return   return

test:  add to the :term:application template context .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   a

test:  element-wise a tensor .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   work
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit page .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : sequence sep field_seq | enum_item field_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the results of a document .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  return   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  return information about the mounts and type cli example: .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  return   null
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert s to int or int .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  create a set of data from an array with a set of data source file lazy flow .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  create   a
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  test for issue function/method .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add colorized charset in python document this is useful for any figure that also cosine in the given header vs - useful for the response that charset text .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  dump   s
truth:  add   character

test:  quit the database .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  quit   null
truth:  called   null

test:  create a type to obtain a class via the given instance .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return an instance of effective list .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   param
truth:  return   information

test:  parse query queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  displays the number of times .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  display   lock
truth:  null   hint

test:  get tox environment from environment or path .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   gcs
truth:  get   get

test:  generate some syntax info off the request .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  retrieve a list of networks of a tenant and save it to the tenant .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the data returned by rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   h
truth:  compute   h

test:  formats a datetime per the given date .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  formats   returns
truth:  return   current

test:  test that mapnode cannot load mapnode if different from a resource output files .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  catalogue the catalogue backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic logistic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  helper method to redirect to the module .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  null   null
truth:  enter   a

test:  update the configuration file .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return a bool version if necessary .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  if   check

test:  regression test for issue #9 related to issue #9 columns where tnull flag is properly ignored .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dedent and left-strip .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  return information about all known nodes .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  return   null
truth:  dump   connections

test:  creates a process .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a sorted list of unique elements in l .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  get the first word of the given split line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  if   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  read -> analysis read a more quickly objects and return a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  read   analyze
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  sets art for each art in the albums .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  add   updates
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  return the optimizer of l2 data .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   running
truth:  null   reduction

test:  task which wraps inbound task fields to send in specified router fields .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  null   task
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  compute the trimmed standard error .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  creates a dictionary where each key in the dictionary is missing .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the hardware lun device name .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a copy of the config so its config object .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factor polynomials by x**n .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  create   return
truth:  null   factor

test:  reboot all hosts .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  host   host
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill the upgrade version .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  by edx users home assistant user .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  revoke   null
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  call func_to_retry function took .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  null   timeit

test:  same as a += b .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  change   change

test:  change and check and check the container is changes .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get the list of visible items for a given user .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  get   cache
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if ip address is an ipython ip address .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  computes the elemwise mean from a http mean aggregation .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  determine whether or not a given list of local file .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  null   mask
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct error dict for the application or path to the recurse router .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a string is valid utf-8 string or unicode string .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   validate

test:  main function .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  returns   new

test:  return a list of wsgi error document .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  return   post
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  a implementation to set pyenv python .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  null   pyenv
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the size of a header header with specified length type .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  return   update
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a month .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  horizontal test on an edge should be a docker line .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  testing   test
truth:  null   laplace

test:  check the client for a set of pyspider .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  parse   obj
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  send an sendingremoterequest to a request .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  render a list of pygments .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  render   a
truth:  return   return

test:  bus the value from command line .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  handle   handle

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  a signed bit bit use in a compact integer .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a string to a bash number of hardware .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  return a string datetimes datetimes from local timezone in a datetime object .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   dt

test:  return the gravatar url for an email address .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  return   return
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information of two random variables using gaussian distribution .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   information

test:  create an event as commentserializer .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  create   uses
truth:  if   null

test:  converts decimal hex strings into a string .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  import all .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   repository
truth:  import   custom

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  checks for valid combination of errors .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  return   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  check if an open library is known .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  if   handles
truth:  null   utility

test:  generate a string like function .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  null   function
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that have been decorated to skip because of a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  skipped   find
truth:  find   find

test:  set up logging .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  set   use
truth:  null   null

test:  use this endpoint to decode the name into eliot data .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  use   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the public *host* of the given image name .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of bookmark values .
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   tag
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to wait until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  return a single space characters with potentially whitespace removed .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  return   in
truth:  return   a

test:  makes the response .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  makes   request
truth:  returns   response

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  callback for rendering outside a formset string to be used for rendering the conditional entities .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  null   return
truth:  render   a

test:  pad an error handler and return a static notificationsetting .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  fail to detect the appropriate logs from the "print" plugin .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  access   access

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  prints a list of two one-off members .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  prints   maintenance
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return a dict with a particular env object .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   parameters

test:  return a function that picks widgets .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  given   iterator
truth:  add   a

test:  inject the parsed content in the section of a uploads .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  source   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders located in a specific task in the task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find specified hyper .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  content   null
truth:  display   display

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  broadcast a remote method invocation with no cast .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  broadcast   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  creates a new firewall cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns an absolute path of the device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  commits   commits

test:  add a brocade within network .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  add   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set a function used to parse all image-volume solution in a single case .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  set   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  transforms a function in a map of y values and solves times .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get from script or backward compatibility .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  default   default

test:  parse a date from ldap haystack_identifier_method or segs[i .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  get   get

test:  converts rgb tuple on 0-255 scale to rgb color space .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  hsv   converts
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  return an object for the value within the passed value .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  return   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  if there are no filesystem in the list of existing filesystem .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the metric matrix x for last value x .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   observation

test:  make sure that a gem source is removed .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  call   null
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if the timezone module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  configure the esxcli or list of esxcli filter info .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  null   install
truth:  set   set

test:  parse the given pdb header in the pdb header dict .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate an iterable .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  iterate over ignored files in the file .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for rruleset functions which may be used .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  returns   authentication
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the specified service cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  unregister a function .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get the expression value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  transform a header property .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  save the job id into what jid was just an optimized salt myminion jid the job id and to have to use with the data .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  save   domain
truth:  store   store

test:  retrieve the skype message and return the message object .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  given a path from the given glob files and a dict .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  if   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clear all of the task and effects any of its children .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  implement   dask
truth:  clear   database

test:  search a splunk search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  search   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return true if f has read/write polynomials in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  load data from a byte string .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  returns the output id .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  numpy multiobjective of the normal likelihood estimator of the expected value in x .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   yann

test:  deletes a datastore from the datastore .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  takes   delete
truth:  performs   a

test:  register the options .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   variant
truth:  register   register

test:  helper function for values .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   script

test:  take a requested data and return a new one .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  take   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  return the list of parameter info associated with a particular parameter .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  return   parameter_declaration
truth:  infer   infer

test:  checks to see if finder is a version of current call .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  to   function
truth:  find   find

test:  compiler factory for the _compiler .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  a convenience method to get a apps that formats the user running them .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  validate   directed
truth:  prevent   null

test:  test the m2 class .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  get   null
truth:  test   test

test:  run the process after the started of a process .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  run   check
truth:  calling   calling

test:  given a section dict .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  p : token | check_duplicates | float | boolconstant | const_list base base | const_ref .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  build a client using client .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  build   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  generate a subgraph connected components of g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   compute
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a new endpoint of a process instance .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of versions for the given variable .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  return   translate
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that rsa is only valid rsa jwt .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validates   sets
truth:  validate   validate

test:  helper function to get a timestamp according to the given timestamp .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  value   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  creates   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get signal hook to filter .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  to   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  remove a port from the zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   port
truth:  remove   a

test:  generate postgres configuration file for the test .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  generate   up
truth:  restores   null

test:  a nice class that presents inputs with a nonlinear class .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  save a cache object into registry .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   return
truth:  save   null

test:  assert the hsp[ sequence and returns the hsp sequence .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  render the given env with jinja2 .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  renders   template
truth:  print   a

test:  return a quality representation of cone function from cone .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  creates   a

test:  plugin registration .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  plugin   registration
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return true if name is a file from an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  id the database associated with the given id .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   background

test:  block html tags .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  reads   link
truth:  transform   transform

test:  setup pack file .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   python

test:  print an error handler to stderr .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  testing   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  generate a diagrams instance .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  list all triggers in a specific task in the task scheduler .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   information
truth:  list   list

test:  handle watching certificates for extensions .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  request   certificate
truth:  request   request

test:  disable state function or sls run cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  disable   state

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  get the path to the virtual service .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of constraints .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  support function for copy_reg to support these entities from the string .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  find a user-selected using the parent app and adds their information to the parent process .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  is   sets
truth:  print   category

test:  test that encoder .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the full path of a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  clear all the regular expression .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  checks if two results are low .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  start   cgconfig
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  context manager to installing a local folder on the filesystem .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  log   utility
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  remove element files .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  file   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  send   calendar
truth:  returns   image

test:  generic function for the given record on the victorops configuration .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  function   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  call the given url to a file on the filesystem sequence of files .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  perform   check
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve value based on vm .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  retrieve   snapshot
truth:  get   get

test:  this function creates a setter module .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  clean   policy
truth:  to   helper

test:  display the current database in the database .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  display   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a list of functions and returns the current object that we get on this listing that the current random key or search .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the default value for driver access to use .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  returns   dictionary
truth:  settings   settings

test:  if data is a valid params .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  if   parameters
truth:  merge   merge

test:  given s string object to a native string .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse an 'digest repo given a path .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  parse   tag
truth:  splits   image

test:  return a password hash with password hash .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  return   password
truth:  get   get

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  disassociate all compute ips for a given host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  this decorator works like <ctrl-x> .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  for each time .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  extract the key from a service root .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  return a cache that can be used in show order .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  null   shows
truth:  given   a

test:  either add or update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  null   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  estimate elements in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  generate   generate

test:  make sure that a set of used lun has used by the user .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  ensures   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  function   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly size .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return information on a better pid .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   try

test:  create astroid for ssl_wrap_socket ecdh .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  create   arguments
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a qcolor tuple to a color .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   a

test:  'fourth'super 'fourth'super .
truth: command history . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  command   history

test:  return the closest closest after a pair .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  iterate over a string .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  iterate   convert
truth:  format   format

test:  apply resized with the given image .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  preprocesses   a
truth:  resize   images

test:  parse a time zone aware datetime .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  time   datetime
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  create an exception for a deprecated code .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  create   checks
truth:  exception   exception

test:  make sure a specific test providers callable that raise an exception .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  determines if user is valid .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  if   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  return   list
truth:  divide   null

test:  function returning an event on the event .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  resets   request
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  encode information into a packet packet type .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  sends an api method .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   url
truth:  sends   a

test:  render a views .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  render   task
truth:  render   render

test:  decrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a weibull distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  create   a

test:  certificates controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   map
truth:  null   crud

test:  process the line of publishing resulting line from magic .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  resolve   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return a context manager that starts up a temporary pipeline .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  return   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  returns the benchmark score for the specified episode .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  get   get
truth:  to   method

test:  check if version is equal to version .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  get the numerical axes for the prediction .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  get   notification
truth:  null   method

test:  return an options from the case of options .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  main entry point for equivilance .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  converts a generator file into one of the targets for use in po file .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  converts   rows
truth:  return   a

test:  given a path which in a broken search get the 'tcl' .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a sqlalchemy parse key for the connection .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  applies   null

test:  returns lambda attached to a lambda function .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  :math:k of __clrtype__ modulo vectors for computing noise variable notes letter in terms of dense inserting a : array_like .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  get a maximum with each component the maximum of the respective components of maximum paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  extract the file directly from a given filename .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   uses
truth:  archive   archive

test:  return a new path .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical key of a resource object .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a display names used by the locale for the given unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  known   return
truth:  get   get

test:  regression test for url .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  test   return
truth:  given   null

test:  turn a config value into a valid one .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  lists   function
truth:  display   display

test:  decides whether the given set of maximal matching a user in g .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  decides   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a dash character followed by a new line ( requirement: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls the space where all random number
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  generate   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  load named installed_apps know for the given wsgi application .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  run   sets
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   authors
truth:  create   authors

test:  given a string .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  test the mean of data .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  runs   runs

test:  compute the total difference between points and the total difference between points .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  inserts   polynomials
truth:  order   order

test:  default implementation of python .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  default   null
truth:  printing   printing

test:  helper function to convert data to tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  apply the item at the given array pointer .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  store   store

test:  train a given model using the given sk_sk .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   sets
truth:  train   a

test:  show the full path .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  send a single buffer to disk .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  given   in
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  iterator   helper
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  grain for the minion group id .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  null   grain
truth:  null   grain

test:  recursive helper to resolve paths to parent .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  return   a

test:  context manager to create a temporary yield and agrees with a queryset .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a value from the specified parameters .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   data

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  index   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run run tests on a axis .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  run   test
truth:  perform   a

test:  set a bytearray function .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return a list of accepted indices containing unmatched -- a particular name .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  return   color
truth:  named   find

test:  checks if a string can be used as an encrypted message .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  compares   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  event loop .
truth: update request . 
test:  null   review
truth:  request   request

test:  return the current '#%s' version .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  link   format
truth:  url   url

test:  discard cache entries that are out of fullname entries .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  cache   delete
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parses a google date string .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   load
truth:  null   library

test:  generate a product of a matrix .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  permutes   null

test:  filter cookies with any cookies from a key/value jar .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  returns   redirects
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a string data into a hash tag .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns a list of colormaps plots in the case of a module .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  returns   request
truth:  get   a

test:  an alternate view that has been new status id .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  null   request
truth:  update   update

test:  skip a test to raise skiptest if configuration is not found .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  cleanup   set
truth:  raise   null

test:  converts value into a string suitable for readable urls .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  incoming   a
truth:  string   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   globals
truth:  find   globals

test:  save signal .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  signal   changes
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  check if misc/ack has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns true if the obj is a string or unicode object .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  validates if the given snapshot is actually very one .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  if   settings
truth:  validate   validate

test:  no window function; simply return x .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  null   window
truth:  null   window

test:  return a string from a datetime object .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  return   return
truth:  float   float

test:  return the value of ??? in the table .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  information about an requiredargument"session"ismissing automatic .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  to   information
truth:  null   information

test:  regression test for url ensures that the 3d form correctly .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes the specified security group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  6j activation activation function .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log message .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  defines some arguments for the project .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  plots a date on the same distribution .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  make   plot
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  delete a file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  do   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  renders a template at the given path with the given django .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  check if gamma is equal to the integer e .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  if   matrix
truth:  checks   checks

test:  pass for full files and return a full go that looks through all files in the opts['root'] so that we can be used with the opts['root'] log files .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   return
truth:  scan   scan

test:  return a list of length n from the cache .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  compile   return
truth:  cache   tip

test:  returns the name of arguments supported by its argument exists .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  view function to generate application tools .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  function   directories
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the css css is inline in .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  callbacks more than 2 implementation of flocker .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  null   state
truth:  null   messages

test:  test that table table delimiter delimiter .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   reader
truth:  null   null

test:  return the network algorithm of a network .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  convert an ip address string to an ip number as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  calculates a string with leading cooperative sign .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  calculates   function
truth:  append   a

test:  locate the elements of a to right value exactly one does not equal to right .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  closes all svn requests commits in the google request .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  parsing a template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  takes   a

test:  remove []duplicate points that are not found in the duplicate clause .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  is   obj
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the set of its name matching the given pattern .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  apply a facts dict to the services facts .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   label
truth:  apply   provider

test:  set a rate for audio bound for a given dictionary .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  if   null

test:  move connections .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  accept   attempt
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of --local command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  returns a cache format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of locales according to the locale settings .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only load if the gluster module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  lash a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  add a new instance of the api category .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  elevation density function .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  null   vertices
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a new dictionary with key keys from d .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a track object from an echo nest url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get float by prefix and float .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  float   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper to serialize that keep the concatenation of a given property .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   method

test:  test using a numerically stable reference standard output .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  testing the two amplitude estimator when datasetkfold is not comments .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  testing   issue
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  works   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define private key on the outstanding device .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  boolean   return
truth:  define   a

test:  compute size .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  convert   columns

test:  return the revision revision for a pull request .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  return   url
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a single method of the method method .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check for underlined .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   version

test:  return the primary hash of a key .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  return   encode
truth:  calculate   a

test:  return the nonlinear representation of the specified color- expression .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  back-end method to select an instance .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the seuclidean dissimilarity between two n-d arrays .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the fingerprint of the masters public key on the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  colorize text to the output of a color space .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  text   install
truth:  null   a

test:  force nicely to human-readable pairs of value that are analogous to the given precision .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  compare   value1
truth:  value   value

test:  send a notification to a recipient .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  send   null
truth:  email   email

test:  return a crc32 geos geos copyfileobj .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  return   grpc
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if there is a deferred setting in the serversetting thread .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a factory to compile tags into top rule .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   plural

test:  get a json representation of a store .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  register an supported excel config file paths .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  register   a
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  perform a cprint .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  send a notification request to one of the given backend .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   messages
truth:  send   notifications

test:  convert a subtraction run using the given certificate description for the move text to the given certificate .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  updates   create
truth:  to   null

test:  deprecated: return a string which plural all the inversion 2 and filters .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  run   null
truth:  restores   null

test:  return a gcode string for the locale .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  return   get
truth:  build   a

test:  run a remote connections on a given port and send it to the given port .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  run   elementnode
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a keyczar keyset to be used for signing and signature verification .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wait for a process and return when the timeout is never .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  block   block

test:  get inside inside the inside between inside the inside the inside the loop .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  uses supplied reply .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flatten   node

test:  return a list of changes in the current path .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  serve request .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  request   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the host in host system in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  removes   put
truth:  remove   remove

test:  loads crypto meta to base64 encoded format .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  loads   crypto
truth:  build   build

test:  parse command-line arguments for the given options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns true if there is a numbers .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   sequence

test:  walk all the directory tree .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  return   a

test:  string of a string .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  inverse lists for strings .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  determine the utc date and time formatted for a series of time .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  determine   time
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the organisation rather than a new base base base on the current thread .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   push

test:  create a temporary file .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  expands the storage score along an axis .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  perform   helper
truth:  calculates   null

test:  helper method to get a list of user ids from the user and not have due to .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  null   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a key value from a service .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sort   key

test:  solves an order linear differential equation with 1st linear differential equation with 1st of order coefficients .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  newmans weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  add pentity image to pil .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  add   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  invalidate the version of the page to download a new version .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  null   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  given an album for a musicbrainz musicbrainz album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  given   musicbrainz
truth:  search   search

test:  check whether id is a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  null   swap
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a key/value pair in the service and apply the value .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   a

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   helper
truth:  fetches   a

test:  remove the generic temp file .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   admin

test:  this is necessary to be used for testing .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  heat a path - .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  provided   string
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  load a check from the places keyword arguments .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  null   builtin
truth:  find   a

test:  copy files from the host to the host data .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  files   copies
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a variable previously registered repeat repeat distribution .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  update   update

test:  get the cache instance .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  helper method that can view reports on a user .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  takes a list of media files and takes a document and takes a list of words that represent it as a string .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  embed   media

test:  reload doctypes .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  defined in admin view .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  non-restartable api that reads the given sequence .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  null   ping
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: attr_gt .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  null   objattr
truth:  null   null

test:  test reading raw warning .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  reading   epochs
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the path to the pyzmq documentation .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generic python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  null   return
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  update global command .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a human readable string .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  return   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  should sympy cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  null   function
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a datetime and return a datetime object .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  train indices of elements in a rectangle and return the same length .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  null   solve
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parse a dict from a list of key/value pairs .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  deregister a agent .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  check the color c .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  check   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  execute command .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  name   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return a notebook .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  concatenate   return
truth:  null   page

test:  returns the global instance .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  updates a postgres role cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a date string corresponding to a datetime object in this function returns a string with a subset of the data field .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  return the ip address of an integer .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to make a boto3 with the api method .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  to   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return the current alternate setting of the configuration .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  prepare an testtools test if the full value is not installed .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  prepare   import
truth:  raises   null

test:  return the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax gax channel api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  pootle no args .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  based   test
truth:  load   tm

test:  makes sure bem verbose for a bem solution .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  makes   backup
truth:  create   a

test:  return a single output of a single image array with mode .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  return   image
truth:  takes   null

test:  return an attrs['name'] data class .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  header   a
truth:  extract   information

test:  return accept time to the current service .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  return   null
truth:  join   a

test:  displays several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compiles   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  compare encoder onto the encoder at id block .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  check   pad
truth:  open   a

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model fs a sound .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  null   signals
truth:  null   null

test:  find a filename from either a string or a multiplier key .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   try

test:  add a user to an association with the specified user .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  numpy activation function :math:varphi(x) = max parameters x : float32 the activation .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   arrays
truth:  null   implementation

test:  uninstall a plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstall   set
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  returns a database spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a hash function that can be used to areal the connection for other values .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  find a node from a list of nodes .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  creates a new pants instance .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generates a fake suspicious topic topic .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct a stream factory from an endpoint factory .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  imports   check
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  if   update
truth:  update   portage

test:  return the state of the state object to epsilon for the given state .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all valid ''asgs token .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  ask   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set up blocks of matlab .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  construct   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the base directory ( .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  delete an object .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  errors   json
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  stop everything that appear in both numerator and denominator .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  take   null

test:  stringify stringify date in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  list   parses
truth:  time   time

test:  create a group .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dense topn array into the sparse document format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  like   like

test:  purge sys .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  files   files

test:  print a tree template code indicating a comment that they are explicit for this process .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  list   null
truth:  print   tree

test:  recursive clear all subdirectories in a path .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  ensure we can complete to tab after ident .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  ensure   in
truth:  is   null

test:  only for macos with utilsutilitycouldnotbeloaded darwin .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  null   work
truth:  load   load

test:  test the correct gui .
truth: test program . 
test:  selects   point
truth:  test   program

test:  helper function to create a jar dialog .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  signal handler for a file to be invoked from all our locations for all our drivers .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  install   a

test:  parse a string from the given channel and return a configparser instance .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the 3-regular social petersen graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  cleanup 2 and on/off from url .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  cleanup   a
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw the graph g with the graph g .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  convert a float to a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  function   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of version version version information .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  format a datetime object for the given usec .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  encodes text to bytes .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  obj   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test x10 validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   x10

test:  a simple link to template context .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  logging   get
truth:  create   create

test:  entry point for reverse .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  function   function

test:  matches path with non-existing return its file name and regular expression .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  null   find
truth:  derive   ini

test:  decorator for registering api functions .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  creates a filter function by ast .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets the parent directory path .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  simple moving average .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  null   null
truth:  value   value

test:  initialize the state of the supplied distribution .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  parses a tuple of handlers into a 9-tuple event loop this is useful for the useful defined by shadow .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  a wrapper around unknownencodeversion' .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  null   return
truth:  encode   data

test:  test if a test case is added .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  null   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  the keyword check setting by the css setting .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  null   asserts
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test if task result yields changed .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  add a graph to a list of dictionary .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  add   key
truth:  inverts   a

test:  clears an names or all names from an exception .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  removes   values

test:  returns true if the first aggregate passed in the given file .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the command line .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the gender for a given word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  test that a google google cloud storage file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  require   null

test:  as a :func:parse_locale use only used in the system .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  null   check
truth:  set   environ

test:  set or delete metadata on all instances .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a pil .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  hashes an hmac-sha256 hash of the given username and username .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a list of api ip created for linode .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the exception is included in the response .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the config[config tools file .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the value for the foreign namespace if the namespace is met .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  loads a path for a router .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  for a given master client .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  split   function
truth:  return   return

test:  get machines code to reach machines .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  sample   format
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculate the broadcast loss for np .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  provides   state
truth:  null   loss

test:  return a string representing the version of salt on the minion .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  return   version
truth:  report   report

test:  create a regex regex .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  create   create

test:  return an error array from double quotes .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  fix a value in an information .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  fixes   fixes
truth:  create   new

test:  returns one of the given blocks for each item of x .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  load json object from file and return config object .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  load   configuration
truth:  to   helper

test:  list dots for the document .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  config   a
truth:  null   method

test:  return boolean is a l{scipy .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  return   return
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  return total state of all seconds reachable by the given coordinates .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  a shorthand for outputting files .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  series series for multiple data .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  null   dummy
truth:  create   a

test:  render fsm .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the latest version of the local files .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  write   null
truth:  require   null

test:  convert a field to a human readable order .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  parse dictionary with status like ntp .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  parse   uid

test:  parses type type type for a given type .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  parses   method
truth:  gets   null

test:  attach email this notification .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  email   hook
truth:  send   send

test:  simple spam wrapper for testing that just puts stub to the error message .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  null   return
truth:  throw   null

test:  revert variables using a starts with env .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  null   in
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode image .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  inject a specific url into a descriptor .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   data
truth:  injects   data

test:  private method used to determine the highest protocol protocol that is not supported by the version of c* running .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  creates path as light in the database .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  builds   null

test:  runs the table with a facilitys application .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  create an lpar object .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   console
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find the dad dos attack using sniff nodes given :class:layer interface .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   purpose

test:  load the configuration file and compile it to the same way as this function .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  load   get
truth:  read   user

test:  sanitizes the regular expression tree and return the corresponding node .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  inserts   null
truth:  inverts   a

test:  provides unique id from a string .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  set the current vhost via rabbitmqctl policy .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed standard error for the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  handles comment factory and stores their measurement by new submission .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  stores   a

test:  load credentials build and return the translation for a dataset .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns the number of user has more than one of the given user .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  pad a unicode string to iso8601 hex encoding given its base64 encoding .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  pad   null
truth:  decode   a

test:  compute output of 263 .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   effects

test:  return list of mapping from the variable mapping .
truth: gets header . 
test:  mapping   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a tuple of a given context .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  returns list of mua keys based on level arguments .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  list   a
truth:  extract   message

test:  a decorator for etc .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  null   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  determine whether or not we are defining repository versions that we find the version values for a rectangle .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert object to an object .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  iterator   convert
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only work on gentoo systems with riak installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  confine   null
truth:  works   works

test:  generate a python string .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   helper
truth:  generate   generate

test:  helper function to format and return a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  function   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  makes amount of nodes in consistently z_p[z] .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  cancel   null

test:  return a function that can be called by the given object .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  see pull .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  if   init
truth:  if   null

test:  get all attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   fetch
truth:  get   get

test:  convert value to a datetime .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get gcode files which are not files .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get a token to the given user .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  get   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pair the appropriate open handler with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   pair
truth:  pair   pair

test:  create a socketfd recvfd message .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  create   reading
truth:  receive   a

test:  hex function that decides the ip address of hex ip address .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return html .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  query   bytes
truth:  content   content

test:  parses a string containing only 0s and parse delimited delimited dict .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   entry

test:  get a list of axes adds the current figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  return   null
truth:  set   set

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  call   fbater
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the aws 'awslambda' service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete an exploration summary .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check if model is at least similar model .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  test   gaussian
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  retrieve device from mathtext device and output .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all available package upgrades on opkg .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   root
truth:  find   a

test:  like web .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  email   web
truth:  null   decorator

test:  execute command on a remote host .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  command   command
truth:  invoke   a

test:  lists wiki documents tag tag .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  get a namespace object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   delete
truth:  count   count

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  like arg .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  does   s
truth:  return   return

test:  test interpolated [83 option .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get an asset asset ids .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test python package installation .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  config   python
truth:  test   python

test:  returns an email to make tarball english in testing .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  to   null
truth:  function   function

test:  renders the url for a particular actor instance <a href="{% actor_url request .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data equals error .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  verifies that the key can be used with the pyc=1 text .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  verifies   a

test:  converts the union of a call with those of the function args .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  null   null
truth:  expr   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  add a media site to the list of files .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  add   proxy
truth:  add   a

test:  replace special fields of a release .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  used   null

test:  return undirected layer for binary image .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  return   product
truth:  null   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table of some of the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   null

test:  return a string representation of a particular validator .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   validator

test:  returns a timestamp of the seconds on the date .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  just verifies a simple sid for each entry .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  checks   mark
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  sets the extent in the image and update a new extent .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  update   update

test:  check if there is an selinux package name the path to the expected or path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: internal function . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  turn iri to simplified one of more iterables .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  allocate   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test line labels with same result .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get a dict mapping comments to their responder .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  copy -> environment variable set by oracle .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  return   reload
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  filter for an authentication token .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  null   redirects
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a string .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  split   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if a string is in the range .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  if   a
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  filter out the line with qualified .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  read   in

test:  wrapper for unread go through a comment .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  create   set
truth:  null   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  copied   validate
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if data is ack .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  return   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check if either well or text info is passed with either some 2nd encoding .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  if   compute
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a formatted uris status in the table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   field
truth:  returns   a

test:  pack ip address info using dhcp-host checksum .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  same as load_check_directory .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  null   representer
truth:  compute   compute

test:  pause a container name container name or id change data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  pause   a
truth:  pauses   a

test:  docstring is used to calculate the entropy dimension vector .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  is   a
truth:  make   a

test:  homogeneity the homogeneity .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   metric

test:  run doctest on the bio .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  run   run

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  check if filename argument is an absolute path .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  return   check
truth:  given   a

test:  return a suitable url for a github file .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  writes the html files .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  based   demo

test:  handler for more dependent access .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  block   place
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all features that have been used by other systems .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  list   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  this test ensures that lists of arbitrary layers can be used .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  ensures   test
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  return the path to the instance containing content .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check an instance of a virtual machine .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  runs   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  same as int(ceil(float(x)/y)) .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   product

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   facebook
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  sgi -> string return a copy of the string s with leading and vice character capitalized .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  null   expand
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   lists
truth:  split   a

test:  creates an event on the event timeout .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  converts data into megabytes form .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  is   generator
truth:  null   generator

test:  creates an folders root with all folders .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the list of conditions .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a helper for statuses .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  null   check
truth:  cross   cross

test:  return the trunk information for trunk of trunk ports .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 redirect or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  test for classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  test   test
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a string is valid .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  computes the circular certificate along an x .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  sum   summary
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a boolean copy of the median .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compare   a

test:  get all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create an configured version cli examples: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  list   sets
truth:  set   up

test:  download tv file from path .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  downloads   returns
truth:  change   change

test:  test whether a block object is a gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   op

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a single function to a newly method in the associated mocked reference to be called from an existing scalar class .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  converts   decorator
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator that return decorated function .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  deletes testing this user with access to new document in memory represented by their corresponding broadcast .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  locate   toy
truth:  null   handler

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to limit .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  flag the cli prompt for interactive mode .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  null   set
truth:  verify   null

test:  return true if path is a resource device .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  return   fs
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns the gluon key for the given time key and key .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  be   null

test:  service : extends identifier = const_value field_type identifier in service identifier = const_value sep .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  null   service
truth:  null   service

test:  write given zip file and year .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   a

test:  assembles function to end up chunks of a list of data .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  function   data
truth:  send   send

test:  check a users profile based on the passed user .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  check   users
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  this example of the route page to the tinymce error content of the user defined by the tinymce error handler for the tinymce .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  converts a unicode string to the file .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  returns local barcode sequence .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  filtered   session
truth:  split   sequence

test:  deletes a user delete .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a dictionary containing extra version metadata for a geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  context   return
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can push translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  generates the access token dict .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  token   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  serie   test
truth:  serie   test

test:  redirect kit files in a new drill - the encoded file .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  start   in
truth:  import   kits

test:  generate a random key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove files yields empty files .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  build a resource resource from the &nbsp; functions .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a string to its value .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  converts   float
truth:  format   format

test:  repack a specified htpasswd application .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to build a rule for ssh .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the parsed components of the given module name .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  assemble   a

test:  convert the given translated name to an internal type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  decorator for demo expensive .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  configure the test to see if the session has been built .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or a response .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  returns the candidate parameter from version .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  the openvz .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  using   returns
truth:  loads   a

test:  return available packet images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fetch a simple src instance .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  fetch   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test the windows link that has been initialized by the site .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a graph of the graph that is needed for each entry in subgraph .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   a

test:  return those items of sequence for which predicate is false .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list containing doc elements from doc .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  add   template
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a collection for the given path .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  examples: better than a string representation .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  the locale label is one that does not start with the given name and return the description .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  obj   python
truth:  returns   a

test:  create an saved routine from an expression that makes a chance routine .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  generate   factory
truth:  source   source

test:  return the empty matrices of x and y .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  return   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  returns the path to the simple cascading executable in the provided registry .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  splits   null

test:  parse a valid percent volume and parse dates .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  for the gradient of the hyperbolic ca buffer .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   gradient

test:  runs command errors .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  command   processes
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  extract partitions from a overflow with overflow .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a base64 encoded string .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  decode   string
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  encodes entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   html
truth:  encodes   html

test:  return a float that can be converted to color or hub .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  return   a
truth:  color   color

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  helper for python-musicbrainz-ngs url .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  null   source
truth:  extracts   null

test:  check a valid affects transform .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  check   markup
truth:  null   helper

test:  test if a file is being .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if g is an degree of g .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  test that the cache backend is initialized at the neurons version we have a function that the right implementation .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a given filename .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of the requirements requirements in a dataset using the dict keys .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get file and encoding in encoding .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  filename   filename
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the current axis instance .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  return   shapes
truth:  make   a

test:  generate limit limit .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  source   event
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create the custom metric descriptor .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   custom
truth:  create   metric

test:  a logic .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  null   half
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run ownership .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  run   parse
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  compute temporal representation of a disjoint test size .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  compute   verifies
truth:  null   null

test:  set the pixel font properties matching the given point .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the tuple from a cell type .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the pioneer platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   difference

test:  the language language class is only separator[ .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  predefined   a
truth:  make   null

test:  add a previously added version nicely action .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  add   null
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  returns a formatted comments for a given number of tasks set .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  change the tab ids for all vulns bits .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  fixed   null
truth:  structured   null

test:  restful crud parameter to provide the number of bytes in an parameter - can be used by s3optionsfilter .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  return notify_url python binary with current python debugger .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  null   search
truth:  executes   null

test:  get the access token .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  get   a
truth:  obtain   null

test:  test setcookiesfromurl at cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  one exception should always use != import things .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  are   imports
truth:  check   check

test:  return a program types which contains program types for a list of entities .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   program
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes % using $ .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: question check files or build steps .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unpacks prediction into a given output array of indexes .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  unregister   elements
truth:  packs   null

test:  backport of a ball object .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  null   fake
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a word with the given lexical form and sense .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  return   return
truth:  lookup   a

test:  create a python module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   extension

test:  determine whether a given list represents a dictionary of strings - returns true or false .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a temporary environment dict with user id or its identity .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   snapshot
truth:  communicate   null

test:  validate the json ids against duplicates .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  saves the given tree to a statement tree .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  function   function

test:  transliterate version of epochs .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  null   epochs
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  generate an hex digest for a hex code .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  sets the status of the config object .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  undo   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all flavor specs for a flavor type .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create undefined .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  function   completion
truth:  print   snippets

test:  build registration information for a registration or pythonextension in the git table .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  search   null
truth:  serialize   a

test:  sorts sibling combinations of iterable objects .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  compute an array of non-zero indices to an axis .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  count   null
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   install
truth:  list   list

test:  axisdimensionmismatch' -> int generator for a .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  used by the status_code: class .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  used   null
truth:  look   up

test:  hash a string .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  prints out the domain name from the device using the device .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  create a file .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  create   up
truth:  find   find

test:  get saml providers .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   saml
truth:  get   saml

test:  return an 0003 version of shape .
truth: like rand . 
test:  return   a
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  returns a string to use for an http list of http description .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  return first whitespace of a real matrix .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  log message with the message .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  log   log
truth:  logs   a

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a generator function for conversion of generators .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  function   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invoke a new :class: .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  copy a widget object from a views with views specified name .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  widget   widget

test:  return the translations into a fallback query parameters in a flat form view .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  process   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a trace that returns the default context for a trace .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  access   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the reap statement for the specified process .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  take   a
truth:  null   null

test:  validates subtree against a course .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  validates   text
truth:  map   map

test:  does ascii letters .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  null   string
truth:  null   a

test:  run external port .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  run   start
truth:  inspect   a

test:  build an error from a given interface .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  build   function
truth:  add   route

test:  convert multiple used to *value* and assign in a set of setting .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  take   a
truth:  null   levels

test:  return true if items in the key is found in the same keys as defined by the dictionary .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  take   null

test:  wait until an instance is public block .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  check that value is an integer value .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  log context with a context .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  exit   log
truth:  set   set

test:  render form form **tag name**:: bootstrap_field **parameters**: form the text that is being rendered layout context value that is being rendered layout .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   mock
truth:  form   form

test:  return a list of the current table names .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  add visible multiplied by the target .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   path

test:  return datetime object from the epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator for removing changes of a play socket .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  search   files
truth:  search   search

test:  load a boto3 file from several classes .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   a

test:  return the request object from the given request .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  return   set
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if qiime object is permission to override permission .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  returns an xml string of current mimetype .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  returns   output
truth:  null   json

test:  set a string for inclusion in a cookie sequence .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   stop
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute hiera and return the data .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  find options in the given filename .
truth: check if options . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  if   check

test:  evaluate a glob tree or more python classifications .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  performs   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  alias for parent nodes of a list of internal objects .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  find   alias
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  helper function to get key value from config object .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  function   return
truth:  get   current

test:  return a call repeatedly .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  return   return
truth:  call   a

test:  return the htpasswd command .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  the text output of a module .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  text   a
truth:  null   notification

test:  parses any optional number of arguments and return a queryset in the request .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  parses   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert static files into static code .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  expand   expand

test:  html entities in value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   html

test:  get the difference between a segment segment .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate ldconfig style directories .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  award the current user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  null   badges

test:  load all apps .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  return   payments
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test packagefinder prefers version of 'datarequire' .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets all categories and stores them in two users .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  sort the list of interfaces .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  determine   null

test:  this filter creates a read file and returns a read encoded by the coma-or-pipe line number and the values along with the given offset .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  count   count

test:  determine the users avatar urls in a service .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  return   return

test:  resets the global docker settings .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  null   a
truth:  populate   docker

test:  make repr of repr of repr .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write metadata to *individuals* .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  write   backup
truth:  writes   null

test:  vector of the nodes .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  calculate   multivariate
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get paths with overhangs lists of the vertex .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   convert
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the 1d quadrature nodes in a number of nodes .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-200 model of [2] model model .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this object .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test that the memoryerrors tree is a random tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  adds etags to the given message .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  change   message

test:  create the hostname that runs this test as control .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  build   a

test:  get specific key value from a redis hash cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   redis

test:  creates a test user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  attempt to check if old initialized info has been updated for a .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  to   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a function that has been changed and assign it to the form .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  get djangos instance .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  obtain   a
truth:  create   a

test:  const : intconstant : intconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   null

test:  generate the experiment rule that will be updated at the given pattern .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  split n elements in slices .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  split   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if path does not exist but not start with a given name .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if the timezone module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  compute pivoted lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  singular   singular
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test happy path of python 2 .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a certificate to amazon cli example: .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  split a path at index 8 .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  split   a
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  read out the common loader from backend .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  evening doji star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  null   doji
truth:  null   cloud

test:  returns a cell dict from a field .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  value   value

test:  generate the categories with the given name .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  score   a
truth:  null   null

test:  converts binary representation to human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  add the last location from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  ordered   get
truth:  to   add

test:  decorator to start a defined thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  to   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tests that we can test for a folder without any of children' .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   pdp
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   load
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check the given status .
truth: get status code . 
test:  check   return
truth:  get   status

test:  among the stripe object .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  delete   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  read artemis123 data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   reading
truth:  read   read

test:  put time to start call: in order to start purposes .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  put   service
truth:  null   method

test:  tests if catalog is accepted .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  tests   submissions
truth:  load   load

test:  return text of <command>python to the locale in new db .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  return a string representing a time with the current time .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  temporarily set attr on a given object in a given object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  mount a partition example:: from the pending device .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   process
truth:  mount   mount

test:  returns the specified exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  returns   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  list handlers by name .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  determines whether a file can be written for platform .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  if   check

test:  add a plugins to all loaded plugins .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  adds   null

test:  verifies that the common cookies of the given url and register/fakeviewfinder .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  verifies   redirects
truth:  request   request

test:  check that the list of tags matching tags .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  split   split

test:  seq requested sequence into options .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  seq   returns
truth:  expr   expr

test:  verbosity -> handle sign a new list of tuples - transformation transformation that allows the same attributes as possible .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  returns a partial ipv4 equation containing a given cell .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  returns a security group group with the specified id .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  yield successive n-sized rows from list of rows .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  sync a draft back to the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  set   update
truth:  sync   sync

test:  creates an url back a given url back into its url .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  returns   encodes
truth:  put   a

test:  makes the given keychain with the default keychain key for the default keychain args: ssl .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  training controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   crud
truth:  training   controller

test:  send set_position_target_local_ned command and inners on the vehicle log .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  null   vehicle
truth:  send   send

test:  test that instructions should have a duplicate order .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  null   directories
truth:  expected   null

test:  send a message to all the messages .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   message

test:  build function to get all the request policy .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  function   request
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  idea for testing handling .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  customize   null

test:  redirects to the specified 303 using http location status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  safely see if the given object can be embedded .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  function   convert
truth:  check   check

test:  get a formatted stream stream from a particular stream .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  decorator indicating method decorator indicating method decorator method theano decorator .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the various course key for a ccx course .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   return

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  test case of 1ip .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  application which sets an application .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  evaluate errcheck over one term in hello! .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  debug   refresh
truth:  train   a

test:  simple smoketest function to add a new value to an event .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  null   null
truth:  send   a

test:  return user data for the admin email address .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  collects a set of vms by the vms .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  find   vm
truth:  is   uuid

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  signal for updating changed in the users changed .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  perform   user
truth:  handle   handle

test:  move the buffer in the buffer to app_name .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  null   student
truth:  computes   null

test:  wait for the element(s) as visible .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  converts the value in a strings into an entity .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add rack path .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  add   add

test:  abbreviate task to abbreviate .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  abbreviate   null
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  computes the threshold matrix for a good image .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  null   token
truth:  applies   null

test:  returns a callbacks class for given image .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary converts a dictionary with nested values to a single level flat dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  convert a time string into a tuple of strings .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  expects   a
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: priority-sorter translate ansi color codes to html in the build build .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  loads a list of tuples .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   a

test:  returns selected languages bidi layout .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  selected   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  run tests .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   start
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   key
truth:  function   function

test:  load an image with an image and return a fits file .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  load   null
truth:  read   read

test:  creates a dns records from the provided records .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  need to run methods when pecl not implemented at any fasta operations in the cluster .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  assert the example: of the {china function .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful controller for option lookups .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  checks if fallback is in seconds .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  is   record
truth:  null   cli

test:  run a network server in a double-precision way .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  run   start
truth:  run   nltk

test:  remove web path from the given path .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   a

test:  dummy function for doctesting autoroutes .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  code   generator
truth:  function   function

test:  return return a byte string of utf8 .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build the environment variables for this test function .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  build   up
truth:  create   create

test:  return a boolean monthrange lists .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  return   null
truth:  server   server

test:  creates a unique id for a token .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  return   a

test:  set up a django graph with information and the log contents .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  set   handle
truth:  sending   sending

test:  return default representation of a request .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  parse a well-formed formatters .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  print   print

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   chocolatey
truth:  document   document

test:  given a field type .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  given   value
truth:  value   value

test:  converts a string to a dictionary of numbers .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  set   set

test:  return information that generated by the headers in ints .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   a

test:  connect all server between server and client instances over time .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   youtube
truth:  run   session

test:  mark a list of bindings that will be fingerprint for the given generated set .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  scans   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get a pair .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check valid transform .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  check   character
truth:  encode   encode

test:  this generator iterates over a sequence .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  seq   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update the status from parent .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   status

test:  checks if a sequential loop is an instance of the given loop .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  if   data
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate shortest path between two nodes in a set of nodes .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  decode a unit output from a shell .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  run   run

test:  list all the specified data from all returners that should be executed on this minion .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  parsed   data
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the object is an instance type .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   a

test:  locate the given string and returns it .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  join   resolves
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a path such as android .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  convert   python
truth:  replace   argument

test:  a convenience function for checking which always returns a node .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns value to be false .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  value   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup a sony remote subelements level platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  create a string and store a colormap parameters .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  plot 100 letter symbols palette palette : bool or bool suite .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   loops
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns the namespace information from primitive store .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  returns   settings
truth:  updates   updates

test:  standard deviation when creating an arma process of ar .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  null   correlation
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that the minimum characters have valid characters .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return an :class: .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  return   binary
truth:  called   null

test:  test reading volume labels .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  reading   label
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  transforms data to see: into serialized mask .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  transforms   returns
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve post token from server .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  computes   serialize
truth:  token   token

test:  calculate the '/proc/net/if int from a compact compact hex code compact representation ;-) is given in physical_constants returns none on this address .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   display
truth:  make   a

test:  convert to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   binary
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return text with color by color .
truth: string in color . 
test:  text   text
truth:  string   in

test:  wrapped period .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list all subsystem for this location but not been on the specified provider in this vmware environment to list running' for all minions .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  list   upgrade
truth:  return   a

test:  a console-based implementation of terminal .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  exception   check
truth:  get   get

test:  return the version of the named value .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   package
truth:  return   return

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  null   jedi
truth:  like   like

test:  prompt the given known u'http' log under virtualenv .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  implement   null
truth:  log   a

test:  determine issubclass is an instance of a class .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  given   enable
truth:  null   version

test:  return true if the named distribution is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  take a list of ip args and emit an ip address to a new interface .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  take   null
truth:  changes   interface

test:  signals dotted signal to start catalina .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  init   httpd
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return n if n is equal to one integer .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate multiple multiple multiple multiple nicmanagers polynomials .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test that search from a search can be listed .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parse a mongodb field from ev[field notation .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a given serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  copy active projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  export value from a variable .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  write a pack .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  list all instances .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  send   a
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  compute graph of bipartite in n graph b .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download translations for bench start .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  bench   config
truth:  download   download

test:  get a list of ips of linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  details page: show a box with the user to post a box .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  null   details
truth:  null   details

test:  find candidates for a given filename using pythons from this directory .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  find   find
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a month language based on locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return an sqlalchemy query for any activities about package_id .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  callback until all tasks are not running under a new task .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  toggle   in
truth:  starts   null

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  owned   tickets
truth:  assigned   null

test:  create an mean and verify its creates an event mean defined by the string value .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  create   event
truth:  accept   a

test:  get client client using the mustspecifyeither client .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  initializes   client

test:  function to decorate a read-only receive in order .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generate a new endpoint .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  return first lines in a list with first element .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  list all default agent for this user .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   config
truth:  list   list

test:  compute autocovariance positions on set]if + jb + two-dimensional .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  compute   implementation
truth:  null   operator

test:  transform a number of characters into megabytes .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  regression test for module that use a module .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  flag distribution function using a distribution .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   conditions
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  redirect to specific document .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  request   a
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  return the line with the upper line on a line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud process .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  null   null
truth:  process   a

test:  test installing from an absolute path .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  install   uninstall
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  create a network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the cityblock distance between two vectors .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  process the parameterize umask repository in the parameterize and only if user is missing .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  process   enrollment
truth:  set   set

test:  patch code used for interactive python 2 .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  patch   input
truth:  patch   patch

test:  get a pmf from a sequence of integers .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  get   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  returns a text .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  makes   print
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  raise an instance of resolver .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  null   module
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the value of email .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  return the total mean of series .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  return   formats
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt data with cbc cipher .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   scales
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  get authentication statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  null   return
truth:  warning   warning

test:  given an instance of a passive identity .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  look   up

test:  empty : specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   null
truth:  empty   null

test:  consume multiple threads from sys .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  to   work
truth:  construct   a

test:  compute precision-recall of elements of matrix .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  throw   a

test:  takes an quotes which may or may not be quoted and unquotes it .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  string   test
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  internal helper method used to load a gui user .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   method

test:  process the results from a dict of errors .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  process   register
truth:  to   attempt

test:  calls mydelay .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   decorator

test:  convert plain error processing processing to idx .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  send   a

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  add all fake groups to the given passing system .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  set source field in remote field .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  source   oauth
truth:  source   source

test:  parse an email helper .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  startup   packets

test:  get a point from a loop list .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list with information about a postgres server .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  test long valueerror .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  replacing   scenario
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if a path is intersecting or is intersecting the other segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if lines is in the encoding .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   try

test:  returns a debug level .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  constructs this field instance from a field with enum type .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  does   field
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace an instance with a new ports ports .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  replace   ports
truth:  set   set

test:  parse the redirections from the options .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the default function .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get a thread .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  migrate the database to make this function works .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   prints
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  returns an httpresponse with the response code passed .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return fixturemarker string in the series/index using the given number .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decodes   character
truth:  decode   character

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  extract text from the output header with data['title'] .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  text   a
truth:  empty   remove

test:  returns a url to the default urls configuration .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  look   up

test:  sends the email to the node for the root node .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  determine   username
truth:  null   queue

test:  split a pathname .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  computes the arguments of kind .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  list   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  redirect a status declared to the given tem .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  destroys   records
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  set initial_difficulty .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  log   set
truth:  if   check

test:  test the full relexpr function .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find the one database object .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  find   return
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function for dedentlevel() .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  create   exit
truth:  write   contents

test:  generator function for generating decimal keys so it can be well-formed .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  converts all tokens in a string to python values .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether a user wants to receive emails about their activity .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return git version from the logical git version .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  git   git

test:  only available on systems with riak installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  run the global html page with a subprocess .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  run   a
truth:  open   documentation

test:  returns true if api version is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  build an html fragment given a datetime object .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  build   a
truth:  function   function

test:  the memory memory gate .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  null   docstring
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  creates   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  attempts to find barcode in a given field and write demultiplex header dict containing specified sequence .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  null   mapping
truth:  null   program

test:  make sure the start api is named correctly .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  starting   null
truth:  make   null

test:  helper function to get user shortcuts with home page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  is   redirect
truth:  named   null

test:  return a testsuite for testing while running tests .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  return   updates
truth:  visit   visit

test:  given a list of modules and load them from a path .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  return a time string from a time file path .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  return   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return the name of the module that exists .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  return distance from an image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  accept a request .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  handles   accept
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  tests retrieving a search .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  retrieving   tests
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  ensure control .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset a network to a network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  reset   network

test:  convert py3 as a string to base table with any types .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return an absolute path to the directory where the theme is authorized .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   theme

test:  this will store a timezone in the current timezone in a context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  returns an unique greater than or equal to the size of the constr .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a user for testing the staff .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody disconnected from a namespace dependent page .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  disconnected   python
truth:  connected   null

test:  return the approximate cosine between two sets of shape and strings parameters shape : 1d array or numpy array .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  return   configs
truth:  if   null

test:  copy zip file and download jobs from all installed plugins .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  copy   zip
truth:  download   a

test:  restful crud message to the specified message .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  existing   a
truth:  create   a

test:  in a test case to pytest .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  displays a list of keywords in python 3 bits .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  null   t
truth:  null   implementation

test:  horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  return contents of a databases .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  return   database
truth:  return   a

test:  wait for the given function with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  command   command

test:  test average jpg for data@requires .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   crop
truth:  averaging   test

test:  check if the given tenant is valid .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get result']['group']except group policy .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   group

test:  see statsmodels .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  see   create
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the subgraph induced by nodes passing values .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a dict to a dict .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  determine if the given distances are present on the given list of wcs .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  returns an ipython instance of ipython itself .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  read rich text into a list of rich nodes .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  get   read
truth:  read   read

test:  push a session by loading its current server-side document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  it can parse definitions as steps on scenario .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  testing   max
truth:  default   default

test:  gets the name from the specified text .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  is   null

test:  context manager for setting old values from a file .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  modify   null

test:  write 20 tweets sampled from the public api to a file .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  write   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  a replacement setting that sets the same value .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns a polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  function   function

test:  modify a security security groups using the security service .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  modifies   null

test:  deprecated module .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  makes   set
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  create a densities for each api object .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  find   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  list a associated instance profiles in a role .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  list   configuration
truth:  to   check

test:  download downloader .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   args

test:  replace double query .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  null   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  computes the magic vector codes into a new format .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  computes   read
truth:  depth   depth

test:  set the name of a u'postgres' database .
truth: drop database . 
test:  set   null
truth:  drop   database

test:  prepare nested and quality qual data into location .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  prepare   parse
truth:  write   a

test:  compute the vector derived from a along with respect to the locale .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check whether or not a positive character is in its name .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  click hooks for selection tasks .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  select   null

test:  checks if the user can delete allowed .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the packet primary key for a given object .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  return   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  remove needles against needles 2 .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  search   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return the a generator .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a hamming window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a draft with the specified path to a preview draft .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  extract information about a readable certname .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  given   case
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections of the loop with y segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   sparse
truth:  add   intersections

test:  returns the aws connection with amazon mode or read handler .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  sorts a list of courses courses .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  import   a
truth:  sorts   a

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a sequence of defined defined graph .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  given   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  executes any locked pixel .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  executes   decorator
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  return the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  usage   null
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts user label from network to integer .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   integer

test:  filter the xml element with its depth .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  error   return
truth:  error   error

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 uuid of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  updates the given rights to a collection rank .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  converts   a

test:  event: ends the coroutine .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  null   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  edit edit window if we is set or is .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  create   return
truth:  if   null

test:  return a sequence of characters from gamma .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the line supports a pair of the overhanging class .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  updates   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get response .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the prefix to a set of prefix .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  default   default

test:  return list of package database .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  package   null
truth:  command   command

test:  paging request type 5bis section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  null   object
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for weighted cases .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns api endpoint from url if api .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update or add given srcpath from file dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  null   routine

test:  list the installed startup .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create example model and push jobs .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  create a dictionary mapping key id to every altshell string .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  sets   register
truth:  xor   xor

test:  extract marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  extract   marker
truth:  return   marker

test:  return a floating point dtype .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  given   a

test:  get media descriptor from media descriptor object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  interpret a sequence of code for a given sequence .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  pair   argument
truth:  returns   a

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  creates a simple vm object .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  print   print

test:  get size of filesystem path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  return   size
truth:  function   function

test:  convert integer to rational representation .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   binary
truth:  converts   a

test:  a 307 temporary redirect url .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  job comments controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   titles

test:  tests that the four possible ways of creating a numpy rng give the same results with the same seed as the results with the same results .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate binary labels from one array of binary labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  generate   helper
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   key
truth:  converts   key

test:  download data from **progress logger with length favorite_info .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   data
truth:  download   download

test:  masks "s .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  null   entire
truth:  order   order

test:  returns the set of path by the given path .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set the standard deviation in iterable .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  set   return
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns an index of the latest language for a template .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  look for the given command in the given machine and block device .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  a higher synchronous version of a zone .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the object is configured as a string .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  provide   null

test:  gets hexadmecimal hash of string according to markdown .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  gets   md5sum
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  print the transaction .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   display
truth:  print   print

test:  return an iterator to a state docs .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  prefix   a

test:  update config .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  show options and options .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  function   shows
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create a custom tool dictionary .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  play   config
truth:  to   add

test:  nice configuration changes to zenoss .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   null

test:  the one or more pem cipher modules to be created by a new set of pem cipher .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  validate and return the certificate to finish and return the read certificates as certificate .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  decide   request
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  returns the path to the operating vector on a system .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  returns   join
truth:  to   path

test:  converts a dictionary to a dictionary of row .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a normal simplerst table with no normal simplerst .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  adds two webhook webhook in one single loop into another .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  return a permission permission permission for a resource name .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  return   up
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   return
truth:  return   virtual

test:  creates an http alert response and returns an url .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  get files built by folder and delete them .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  files   null
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the style style style style style entries .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  source   null
truth:  computes   style

test:  field_seq : sequence sep field_seq | enum_item sep comma sep .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  like url#nt-ncname .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  like   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  test that "camera" can be used by reading and see that the table is as a warning .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  test   null
truth:  write   a

test:  returns a regular expression string from a given url .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  decorate   escape
truth:  apply   html

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  access   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  create a csv file add entity based on csv .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  create   a
truth:  figure   figure

test:  replaces space after adding special characters that should not use an html line .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replaces   replace
truth:  replaces   new

test:  clean field information for ccx a set of ccx values to the ccx profile .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  clean   filesystem
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  rule -> rule .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  normalize   return
truth:  compose   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a string element of type cos .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  invalid any file in the fallback environment used for fallback with the head name .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the version of teacher between vectors .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   diff

test:  helper for checking if its extension has been replaced by the file name .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  install back to stdout .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  install   install
truth:  call   pdb

test:  returns an entity from service names .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  cleanup a clean application .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   temporary
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  decorator turning a training task .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  testing   documentation
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  given an url and a scheme parameter .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   wrapper
truth:  do   null

test:  returns a invalidtype%slookingforbasestringor%s' object from arbitrary object type .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   in

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if subtracting is farther out of subtracting in the mean from the mean is farther than x .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test invalid names of the same names using the same names .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  normalized   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test wheter an object is an instance of int .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a symbol value in the standard rounded to a symbol .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  return   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  determine if shuffler service is available for the app .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generated a key from etcd .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  custom formstyle for filters on a display form field and its 5 .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  default   default

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that the full distance distance works for icrs coordinates .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  quote case of the kivy method .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  null   a
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   constructor
truth:  null   crud

test:  just like a leaf .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   comparison
truth:  avoid   null

test:  a metaclass for adding new methods to an existing failure .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  null   metaclass
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy data from masking to another directory .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  copy   move
truth:  null   null

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   number

test:  flatten one of the most series of applications keys .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  convert   app

test:  indent indentation and blank lines from docstrings .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  indent   null
truth:  fill   a

test:  returns the hadoop hadoop directory .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pdb .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a url to the relative url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  build   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if incomplete incomplete incomplete incomplete is complete .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] dict from a f dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generator that picks two query results .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  find   function
truth:  search   search

test:  parse manifest file and return a tuple of given file handle using it .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   deserialize
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the pillar data that will be passed with the pillar data passed with the pillar kwarg .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the names of all destination if any table exists .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  load   field
truth:  list   list

test:  return percentage of channels separated by the percentile api .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initalization a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   a

test:  jump_statement : return expression_opt semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read 64bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   attempt
truth:  read   16bit

test:  run before displaying a specified hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  text   run
truth:  executed   null

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the generalized gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a trained model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  add arguments with arguments .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  add   decorator
truth:  bind   cli

test:  actually return true if fle defaults .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the text of the source code for an object .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  obj   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the decorator for functions used to construct a expression .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  find that the directory where job is located in .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  find   find
truth:  starting   starting

test:  create a directory for storing the given directory .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  create   graph
truth:  creates   a

test:  return an installable tree file if it doesnt exist .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a new image with the desired backend .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  creates   reload
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  get a filter to check if a group is being created from a cg .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  if   set
truth:  get   a

test:  output the given path on a windows path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  output   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prints and return a json representation of a given client flow .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  view   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  convert the data chunk into a string .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  given   a
truth:  convert   snake

test:  test function from django .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  test getting completion for pip completion .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  test javascript javascript code with script produces very javascript urls .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   in
truth:  test   test

test:  only decorator for handling opt msbuild .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   fallback

test:  return a configuration name that will be used as enabled by the api key .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  load parameter in a module dictionary .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  grabs   sets
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: string a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  string   string
truth:  null   null

test:  merge variable outputs on role_permissions in cifar dataset .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  merge   reduction
truth:  null   eval

test:  returns a collection with keen events .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  get the facet items for the current facet .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return whether a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns pearson floating point size in v1 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  performs a api call for the given search .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel enquiry section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  null   mode

test:  create a record constant to be a record containing the given params .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities in various entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  return the total scale with homogenous n .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  raise   a

test:  return a timezone .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for pip completion .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  expand a relative path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  provides   null

test:  test the ptk method that will mock ptk match for the specified resource to the start-up method .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  test   implementation
truth:  dedent   null

test:  helper for os .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  null   path
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reset the cache for the variant of all languages in the provided variant .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  dumb an minimizer string to a single line .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  split   a

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  iterate   enzyme
truth:  parse   cell

test:  an handlers .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  the unification succeeds iff other_object in orv .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   orv

test:  helper function to make a collection contains the given error .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  make   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  returns a dict from keys .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  returns   copies
truth:  performs   a

test:  create a new command dir .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  testing the colorful output of many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  returns a wrapper around aggregated command .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  run   run

test:  query indexes that match the directory .
truth: many builds . 
test:  query   get
truth:  builds   null

test:  run a dns repeat .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  creates   null

test:  loads a warnings .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   helper

test:  the supplied user about a model name the name of the widget to remove the config to run in config to destroy the config files changes .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  get   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  indentation manager .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  renders   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the network algorithm of g .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  create an themes theme from the given parent directory .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  create   get
truth:  name   name

test:  return a set of brands items .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   top
truth:  return   top

test:  get the function lines from the stripped and end .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate debug function .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  generate   lists
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a message usage:: log info .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   display
truth:  log   log

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   f
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add user value to the default user .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  null   user
truth:  add   a

test:  parse a release version string like 7 in the version number matching the system version we know when the version is a tuple .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  guess the current .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  null   irreducibility
truth:  like   like

test:  returns context object to be used with the given registration backend .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  write seqs to write seqs to write seqs list .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return correct configuration options .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a list of the rabbitmq plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test that code issues an s3 backend doesnt support the init makes sure that credentials issues with the enabled backend .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  json output should not contain json data .
truth: compress json . 
test:  scan   json
truth:  compress   json

test:  context manager to temporarily disabling context manager .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  make   null

test:  create file with specified content file .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the absolute text of a file in the directory of the file in directory in directory in directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use netmiko to execute ip ranges on pynet-rtr1 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  inserts memcache in the dict with instruments so that further further values are in the change line numbers .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  label   nodes
truth:  null   null

test:  get the freesurfer_home environment .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  convert length to python object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return information about the path in datacenter .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  return   function
truth:  to   function

test:  create a ftypes with a ftypes based on its name .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  create   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  convert a list of option values into a dictionary .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  given a rule name and an answer log .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  given   null
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  on lowest parts .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  null   balance
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  turn on logging and stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  put data for a given course .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  set   set

test:  verifies that setups are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return true if the object is a generator method .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process and print a log files .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  list of http request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   null

test:  build a compiler list from the provided compiler .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  build   -
truth:  given   a

test:  checks a list of duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  given   barcodes
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test that when once over http download an entire content-type file object .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check the specified url .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  clone   clone
truth:  clone   clone

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  uses   uses

test:  test the skycoord ip .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  test   a
truth:  create   create

test:  create a security subnet group .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  create   null
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  parse http response headers and return an http response body .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  try   try

test:  test pretty-printing table with col delimiter .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  input   character
truth:  fixed   null

test:  this is the m2m dot product of two arrays so far dimensions are identical by dimensions dimensions = array[length .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  list the results from the input pattern .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  score   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  create a task that will run only on port .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   console
truth:  create   property

test:  exposed exposed to download a valid setuptools path .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  check for text in the n343 n343 .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  null   read
truth:  merge   merge

test:  prompt to override a variable in the make it usable as a new value .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  to   attribute
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  function returning a new value of keys** and the list of possible types parameters if their types are not a string of the value is a .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  used   return
truth:  return   a

test:  remove unique prefix entries .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in *args routine is considered by cupy .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   one
truth:  saves   one

test:  make sure that the named iis is iis from the physical iis .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given a slice type .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a backing devices .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   dictionary
truth:  parse   parse

test:  perform apis from namespace or returns: dict: a string .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  perform   configuration
truth:  is   null

test:  solve log(1+exp(x)) manner / ) parameters k : array-like input array .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  format   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  require   compat
truth:  project   project

test:  helper function to determine the current call frame parameters ind: : call to read in dictionary frame .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  null   load
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  return a list of tool ids and its dependencies that are deprecated as dependencies for the repository on repository at least one .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   inspect
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string specifying the version of pip .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that exception exception exception exception model is raised .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  test   dimension
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  check files in a list of files .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   null

test:  show related items from message .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a clique graph which has been [v] params .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return data filter filter filter filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  run arguments .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  run   port
truth:  parse   parse

test:  redirect all pending oauth namespaces within dict .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  using   redirect
truth:  have   null

test:  change the chroot directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   null
truth:  change   change

test:  add an error message to the server .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  convert a 2d color to an agnostic color space .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of icon summary domain .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  list   helper
truth:  given   a

test:  return the staff or staff location .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  object   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  generates discovery modules .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  generates   filesystem
truth:  import   import

test:  run a user .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  null   a
truth:  name   name

test:  load a model .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   example

test:  returns a slice .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  returns   coefficients
truth:  function   function

test:  create a detached and verify a remotely .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  create   starting
truth:  starting   starting

test:  decorator to mark a test if review not installed .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  skip   a

test:  return grouped grouped tags from a tag tag name and group name to be used for fastq name .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  null   return
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount a one-time instance using zfs .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return output with specified pair .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  save   value
truth:  return   description

test:  a implementation of mapped .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  function   a
truth:  map   map

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  iterate over a path from global directory .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  iterate   generator
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   background
truth:  null   null

test:  generally deployment and the virtual deployment .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  null   salt

test:  fallback to a file can be out to a directory .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  to   test
truth:  if   check

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   isactive
truth:  setting   setting

test:  group source strings into comment comments .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  source   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup bench for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  bench   bench
truth:  add   commands

test:  test preloading vertex surfaces .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   test
truth:  converting   test

test:  makes sure that use the function was called in a separate inputs .
truth: aux function . 
test:  pass   create
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of human-readable page from the accounts file .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an operator onto the operator .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  writes a new task .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a vastly simplified ip addresses and also supports socket .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  return   convenience
truth:  null   convenience

test:  this method is called every time field and will raise an email .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  null   connect
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a user for a package .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the file f matching the db .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  given a return name .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  add   add

test:  make a dersequence instance with the desired text .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get all services .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the matrix is a visible .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  define target target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  null   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  main application .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  null   default
truth:  null   level

test:  makes sure that the issue for every entry in a plugin .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  makes   link
truth:  to   link

test:  internal new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  null   new
truth:  define   new

test:  a field to generate a "field" field .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  from database tables .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  return   issue
truth:  null   database

test:  iterate over outprotrec fields in a list of fields .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  write   a

test:  only return if requests is installed .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a new in-memory storage cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   keyring

test:  returns a url to the current request for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  builds the path properties spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add this view to the 304 header if an response is returned .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  set   request
truth:  caching   set

test:  determine if the output is present on the server .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   check

test:  checking out results to enable gating score from the course tree .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  get   get

test:  helper for reduction .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  return   item
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a datetime to integer .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  copy the supplied function .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  copy   function
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  perform a random string allchars characters .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a numpy array with uint8 1d values .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  wrapper to wrap wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping a function .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  safely remove a path from disk .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a list of tuples of length n from a somewhat one .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  set the connection pool for the current database .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  sets   config
truth:  set   defaults

test:  a context manager that acquires a qmutex lock on a qmutex .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  assert   manager
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a room that use instructions with a little basic example .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  locations when .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  null   indent
truth:  stack   stack

test:  save all system status in the styles: onto the differential equation times to one element in system .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  process   null
truth:  showing   null

test:  validate a parameter and same parameter .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return threshold intensity by reduction function based on certain histogram .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  runs a new command .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  runs   fixes
truth:  print   print

test:  decorator to restrict a method to only be ignored .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  converts description to a mri wiki wiki file .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   info

test:  return a contrast copy of packages within instance .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  return   inline
truth:  latex   latex

test:  test that expired cookies are changed .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  adds out which sum to a cg .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  this should be called when loading runs a ssl exception raised by loading .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  transforms any string to a single space .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  verifies the signature of the contents from the given certificate .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  create   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  to put off an host in this vmware environment in each host system .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  put   put
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type optdict['choices'] .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  update an input properties on a child .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   helper
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  null   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  lists node serializable .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  given   null
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  walk a yaml package and return a dictionary of keys and the keys in this function is called by adding __init__ recursion file .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  list   list

test:  non-parametrised measurement .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  array   product
truth:  fit   fit

test:  initialize a streamhandler logger for the given logger .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  reconstruct list of z in a __all__ function .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  list   store
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  setup python module .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  logging   setup
truth:  point   point

test:  get information for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  get   information
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  converts a datetime value to a datetime object .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator for views that checks if this decorator is not implemented directly if requested .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  makes a request requests .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  makes   request
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run a command and return its output as a string .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   function
truth:  run   run

test:  special help function .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  null   format
truth:  default   default

test:  determine a fake disk overlay .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  determine   disk
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  converts the directory path to a base path or "top_pad" with to_path .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  extras pickleability .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  null   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  set whether or not the given state is ram .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  set   set
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  dummy implementation of geos rules that does nothing .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   strategy

test:  test that no version of no pool code are included .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  null   test
truth:  handle   chain

test:  returns a list with the given sequence of values .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   multiple

test:  gets an email address for their user .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  find a css search algorithm .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  perform   validate
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : expression .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  null   time
truth:  null   integer

test:  resultant resultant in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  resultant   resultant
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  internal helper .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  compute size of interest parameters x : ndarray or list of length k matrices .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  compute   series
truth:  return   weights

test:  decrypts twisted of _thread and placeholder for crude and placeholder separately .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generates a id and cipher .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  generates   data
truth:  null   null

test:  get median value .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   median
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  only for macos with darwin darwin .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  null   work
truth:  null   null

test:  returns tree items of an item items .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  selected   returns

test:  check an index .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  selected   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  decides whether a file is default .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  null   default
truth:  null   a

test:  given a complex state with a positive initial state .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  given   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a custom image name to show the master image .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  show   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  moves and write contents to the given filename .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  write   something

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns a modelform for the given model .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a supervisor node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  given a python string to a byte string .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  given   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  format an item from a valid youtube transcripts .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  convert a local url to a local destination file .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  null   a

test:  clears the current thread .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  deletes an instance with a instance type .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  destroys   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  returns a the the the the the script script that will be boundaries .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  perform   escape
truth:  command   command

test:  convert data to list parameters data : "a" comprehensive value .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  a safe cache for use in mocks .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  makes   a

test:  primary : and_expression primary semi .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  stop stop between a new numpy array .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  stop   alignment
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list with tensors followed by the axis .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an integer to a string .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   show
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  returns a new dictionary containing potentially strings in each of the keys corresponding to list .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   power

test:  validate the context manager .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  runs   current
truth:  checks   checks

test:  format a list of pairs .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  format   output
truth:  formats   formats

test:  initiate a stream .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  initiate   null
truth:  initiate   a

test:  update an media form .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  update   cast
truth:  edit   media

test:  returns the squared sum of *a* .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  revoke revoke to be executed from task .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  access   null
truth:  terminate   task

test:  initializes an image class .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  null   type

test:  shows a function in use .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  parses   attribute
truth:  null   a

test:  number an decorated function .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the default any of an expression .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  expr   expr

test:  given a moments object .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes func on all values recurisively discovering var]else requests .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  func   func
truth:  func   func

test:  execute the stk500v2 transformation from the npm transformation .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  resolve a profiler to an ip address according to the vm .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  host   host

test:  collapse and a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  draw randomly sampled epochs with epochs .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  draw   function
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  return the hypergeometric leading up to the rsa exponent .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change local smtp access cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  change   a
truth:  reset   a

test:  find common modules in the given module .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  add hosts to label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  adds   hosts
truth:  add   multiple

test:  make u'password' if there is no cross-validation auth .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  signal   exception
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content nodes with limited fields for rendering the parent content id .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  three letter code to dindex .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   index

test:  register all built-in codecs functions .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  register   null
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  for some strange reason .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the graph for g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bbtrig publish trend reports on another build .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a dict of items in a dict .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the inset points from the loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  update the super with a draft draft or object .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  update   a
truth:  save   a

test:  return a pcfg version of production .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  null   kernel
truth:  null   kernel

test:  return a single xfs device info .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  some pure implementation of tuples .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  null   shutdown
truth:  null   negation

test:  return a utctz string representation of 100*log10(c) .
truth: as above . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new entry under the specified page .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  run windows example of astropy .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  run   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  raises an aws discovery or test class .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  trigger   register
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of available zones for the given profile .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   zones

test:  get a keys set by name .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  redirect to the actual header .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  redirect   redirects
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all the submodules that are found under the given file .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  null   set
truth:  to   null

test:  return whether any data matrix are symmetric .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  load and returns a csr value .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validates   updates
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture providing a fake web-history object .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  test %reset set magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  optimization a property by course_key .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  disassociate   attempt
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns gdb in the gdb .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper method to return writer entries from a method .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   policy

test:  return an offset required for the given period and offset .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   alias

test:  send a poem 5 seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  send   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a of app .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  creates   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a dhcp options .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  given   process
truth:  if   check

test:  encode mapped in a single string .
truth: from url . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages list and update any packages .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   part
truth:  updates   packages

test:  strip the entire text file and return the string .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  string   string

test:  delete an api api api api api api name .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  given   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  testing   running
truth:  running   running

test:  returns value to int or int .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  returns   value1
truth:  filter   filter

test:  stripper an object to check an s3 object .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  find   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the windows api window handle previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  make a template to pass for a given resource type .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  deletes new record with data .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  create   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  this function is the user basic model class to use the other python model .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  assert that each module doesnt have valid its data .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  give   null

test:  reset state of a subsystem .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  resets   null

test:  python 2 .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  direct a single user .
truth: remove message . 
test:  url   a
truth:  remove   message

test:  check if headers is a 'upgrade' based on the user .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  print a list of the nginx base compiledir .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  wsgiapp version of _thread .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   run

test:  max pooling max .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return true if the given module name is relative to the given module :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns custom def** for a form .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  returns   ancestor
truth:  assigned   get

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   null
truth:  work   work

test:  return a dict of environment proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  return   a

test:  returns dictloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   dictloader
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install the given cli example: .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  install   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the index array to a rational function .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper function to check if given path from all ignored names .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  take a string and expand windows offset .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  retrieve style style list from their libraries .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  update   style

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns a github domain name and return a tls object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute polynomial coefficient of f and options .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  construct   a

test:  return string containing python version .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  iterator   precision
truth:  test   test

test:  one flow of the one element of m theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  null   irreducibility
truth:  null   part

test:  certain place a new workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  activate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add a user group .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   item
truth:  add   user

test:  given an email address .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  username   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a new int number to the component of index .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  integrate plugins to match the context .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  import   plugins
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  returns a random global module .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  create and/or like output_paths and returns a temp directory with deleted source file name .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  create   null
truth:  like   like

test:  computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  retry execution to menu args .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  input   f
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the current socket .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get the fully qualified settings .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add an one unit po object from a db object .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  converts a fits string to fits format spec .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  converts   output
truth:  record   record

test:  return a dict of entities for a mimetype .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  return   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  context manager to suppress a given indices .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  return   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds the guest create spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns the error characters as a unicode string representation of error in python 2 .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  replaces the date in the format of seconds .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  a convenience function that raises an error if the system b was not implemented by the other character .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  null   call
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the encoded signature signature .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  compute the estimated number of 1-d array .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  compare   squares
truth:  return   return

test:  factor a square-free polynomial f in gf(p)[x] for finite fields .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  return uid database if there is no uid .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the user status for use in the request .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  makes   null

test:  performs a cdf in a 2-d sequence of label labels .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  label   elements
truth:  function   function

test:  create a namespace .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  import widget to access a resource - used by openssl .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  module   function
truth:  return   a

test:  view decorator for views that checks if a backend is done by an item .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  view   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the vbox_guest module if the kernel is sunos .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  set   set
truth:  work   work

test:  search for num: in text into flat search object .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  simplify   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  makes the given write the result from a violin file .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  return a dictionary format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a unix map from a list of python objects .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  create   metric
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that wraps generator of the qkeyevent function as the default 28x28x[number operation .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a release release file to a release release file object .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  return   return

test:  checks activity delay value for active nested 89 float .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  poll   number
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the inverse of the first kind and size x parameters x : ndarray or numpy array or none available in the base array of the top slices .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  return   discrete

test:  downloads mime information by portfetch .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   android
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  send email after the account send to a list of thread .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  email   templates
truth:  given   a

test:  find the full registry instance first true will first true will first registry .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  find   set
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for production / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  get the summary of serialization .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  get   null
truth:  like   like

test:  get a document that will be instantiated for all files in the document .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  get   import
truth:  walk   null

test:  returns the path to the sdk binary data .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  test get_version() when json is emitted .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  execute a dictionary query on dictionary query .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  execute   sql
truth:  execute   sql

test:  filters the song or not found for the song .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  null   convenience
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a bytearray hash for specified hashing .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  test   interaction

test:  ticketstatus edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : rule plus expr | expr minus rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   rule

test:  clean source strings .
truth: clean component . 
test:  source   remove
truth:  clean   component

test:  helper function to convert the information stored in a single request .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns the url domain name: url .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the packages that are last modified packages .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print tensorboard and nvidia-process if available parameters text : a session instance of tensorflow tensorflow session .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  close   tensorboard
truth:  empty   trash

test:  always factory .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  func   func

test:  get a review hash for a given future .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  get   target
truth:  tests   tests

test:  cast a string to a return boolean .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   python

test:  delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parses an markup qt document into a keyinfo document .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  parses   elements
truth:  create   a

test:  iterates through all files in the current glob and returns a tuple with the current glob .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  test wcs in wcs .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  returns the nth moment of an mean .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates a value with given values .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  update   update

test:  returns a string from an iterable of metadata .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  add/update a worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse multiple choice string in the input string .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  add   entry
truth:  is   input

test:  register deterministic icon .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  register   logger
truth:  construct   null

test:  clean up data directories and prints a binary list .
truth: by default . 
test:  clean   set
truth:  default   default

test:  displaying the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  remove security group from the instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  remove   security
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  convert a mac address into a mac address .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  configure the ast and compile them into a python object .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  processes   content
truth:  content   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  define target resources .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  null   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  regression test for url .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  test   a
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  set up ui for the converter type .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  set   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  release an interface .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   claim
truth:  release   release

test:  ensure that a device is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync stonith with a functional stonith
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  render all registered actions .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   converts
truth:  render   render

test:  remove a server from a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the conjugate of a matrix examples .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifying the output with expected results for expected results with expected results .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   null
truth:  verifying   null

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest with the specified data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   data
truth:  sign   data

test:  ensure and make sure access to the rdp is disabled .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a function in a datastore transaction .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   async

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   template_params
truth:  expected   null

test:  make sure that line comments are ignored when the c reader .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   readers

test:  dont stop .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  function   null
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes and encodes to base64 format .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  serializes   returns
truth:  pickle   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries into one argument .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  merge   dictionary
truth:  copy   copy

test:  check if specified object is a material instance .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  given a list of tokens .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add a buffer to the application logs .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  displaying   null
truth:  adds   message

test:  smtp two nodes .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   check
truth:  accept   accept

test:  contact cassandra of a keyspace in a cassandra cluster .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  list   a
truth:  if   check

test:  load the key value from the given key .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  load   null
truth:  reduces   a

test:  default test for the full credentials .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  null   build
truth:  test   test

test:  return subgraph partition by number of partitions into a new location of partitions .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  array   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  internal new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  null   new
truth:  define   new

test:  return an closest path to the given path .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  error handler for getting error code .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  error   null
truth:  print   a

test:  numpy version of a color space .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  value   return
truth:  color   color

test:  reader for events .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  null   item
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test an unique join value .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  call   test
truth:  join   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  sy sy .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  set   information
truth:  null   information

test:  make up a logger .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  scan   close
truth:  closes   null

test:  handle worker manager for a single test .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  format   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   checking
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for a test if a host isnt a edges .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure we can compile functions with u"`in'needsatleast .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  recursively move file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  compute n = core_t(n) of order n .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   null

test:  compute x as x .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  scale   scale

test:  returns a list of git version .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the time series of explicit squares .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  strongly that calls are valid .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  null   function
truth:  solves   null

test:  checks whether *value* is non-empty .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  checks   configuration
truth:  return   return

test:  a pair decorator with a been loaded via the specified parameters .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  reldict: to the ssl port on the specified port .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  null   server
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the tied message for tied constraints through a list of constraints .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  make   null

test:  get the value as a float .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return secret_key of your app access paths .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  loop privileges to execute alignment .
truth: main loop . 
test:  loop   read
truth:  loop   loop

test:  retry a function for a video after downloading after a video url .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  retry   effect
truth:  send   send

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   stringprep
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  create a template .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return employees between two :class:~datetime .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  counts   count
truth:  computes   null

test:  create greyscale far .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  initialize   assets
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  return a list of in-memory in-memory information for given command nictag the specified vm name -- the services can be installed on this minion .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  mirror a whole polynomial from a polynomial .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  dump all temporary files in the config .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  dump   sequence
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  converts files relative to a current working directory .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the locate commands .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  return   update
truth:  update   update

test:  the last .
truth: main program . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  null   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  perform one character record on query parameters .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  list   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   get
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  null   effect
truth:  null   effect

test:  checks for obj and its signal .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of users for a given user .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run the test on a single test .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  run   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get imports .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  get   null
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a sequential gaussian array with a different gaussian merging matrix args: gaussian : array-like returns norm_brightness_error : float frequencies of the given number of images with the diags[ b-spline
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test the same results with partitions partitions .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  testing   issue
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  returns an authorized authentication key .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  take a set of container volumes in config .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  list   query
truth:  return   a

test:  creates group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   volume
truth:  creates   group

test:  read the kit data of a single object .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  read   label
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a send email report into the task queue .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  calculates a romberg for testing .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  calculates   indices
truth:  compute   compute

test:  context manager for testing .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  start   worker

test:  return the highest value of a file .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   a

test:  alternative implementation of recurrent function .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  null   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  check two lists of seqrecords agree .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the variable is iterable and only one .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  return   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parse a port string to a port number .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return a django locale object from the request .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  list all visible visible .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   product

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wrapper around l{twisted .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  null   regex
truth:  given   a

test:  make changes from a directory .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  iterate over a list of entities in order .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  apply a synchronized or more helpful to a assistant model .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  apply   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fetch the translation thread setting from django .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  fetch   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return a path to the appropriate version file .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for handling opt to work with alpn .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the time in seconds since the current thread .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  null   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  applies dti on the current object to a new object .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  null   frequency

test:  hash a string .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  password   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to s3 connection :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  to   configuration
truth:  to   connect

test:  send create conf[u'dbname .
truth: send create database . 
test:  create   send
truth:  create   create

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  delete an namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  retrieve a list of cpus to build metric definitions with .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the given quality is best enough quality list of archive where we can be enabled .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  if   links
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is called only time the server starts "cold" .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  search the action .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  lookup   one
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  translate   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  implementation of receipt information .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  null   run
truth:  gets   null

test:  check if git commands was running .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list profiles which are not supported according to the summing policy .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   policy
truth:  list   list

test:  list data databases from a postgres server .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns a list of all python file and subpackages in the same location as nt their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of type types .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  return   return
truth:  set   set

test:  b64e(s) a binary string as base64 with no trailing newline .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  append docker-compose on the device .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  run   docker
truth:  to   prefix

test:  create a lat lat it .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  replaces   return
truth:  function   function

test:  set of : factory to get a boolean connection .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  given   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert a native list to a native type .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  list   set
truth:  list   list

test:  lead computation - inputs using legendre tile series .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  null   field
truth:  null   field

test:  module page .
truth: module view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  specifying   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return the technical response as ajax response .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  reverse   function
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   real

test:  use symmetric sync_num .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  use   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  check whether a given object is an event .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  send   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the shape of a matrix .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  return   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  given a sequence of curve values .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of all matches in the string by all non-overlapping matches .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  search   search

test:  trims the smallest and largest data values .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   api
truth:  trims   null

test:  for iterably .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  update a floating ip from the values dictionary .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the capped mean squared log error .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  generate hash value in a given hash .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  display   display

test:  write unique topics for a table .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   null

test:  conventions a request list .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  to   request
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  save the headers to disk with the __pub* specified .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  write   image

test:  connect to ldap plugin .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  internal helper - evaluating a hashed hash .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  const_value : intconstant : intconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   const_value
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any existing dag in database .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper for classes .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  null   documentation
truth:  get   arguments

test:  cast string to bytes .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  if   null

test:  make the name of an element tree .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  start   a
truth:  walk   tree

test:  check a moments .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  uploads   copies
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the os .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing as a relative path .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  retrieves the application indexes and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test if the arrowvisual should work .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  load   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  reverse : return appendfor bits .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  return   a

test:  determine if an existing node is properly used to the given node .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  show the inventory from available on this system .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  initiate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  download a disk disk path .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   function
truth:  download   api

test:  return the finder point path as a finder instance .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  aux function to train a model and skips it in current order .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  function   check
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  restful controller - limited to just search_ac - not yet used for use in autocompletes - used for differential - allows differential access permissions .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   rest

test:  replaces invalid characters with ? .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  replaces   version
truth:  string   string

test:  used to delete an block its block device .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  wrap a function so we only have logging functions .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  enable   call
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  return date for a year .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  parse selinux info in the issued header string into a tuple .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a list of issues from the dict .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a list of django context manager for all a given context .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the linear decomposition algorithm .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  compute   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  generate a list of example files in a directory that contains the highest python source files .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  return   filename
truth:  yield   elements

test:  process test cases .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  process   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  create enum keys .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  create   create
truth:  adds   function

test:  decorator to set a text and additional information .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  analyze   null
truth:  make   null

test:  splituser = none .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the python implementation instance generated by dataframe-centric .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  creates   logger
truth:  logging   logging

test:  return information about the named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  send   a

test:  solves integer id .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  get all desktop record modules for the list of desktop .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  get   desktop
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  open a shallow image given the class .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  open   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  return current entry in current backend .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  return   function
truth:  url   url

test:  only load if gitpython is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run xlsxwriter in default mode .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   xlwt
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  convert text to a unicode value .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  text   text
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the path to the directory of the iterable containing the given prefix .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  command   command

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  testing   running
truth:  running   running

test:  check that service services in the given wire filename is currently used .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  the sinusoidal helper function .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate nodes in a cluster with the given cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  generate   method
truth:  return   a

test:  generate indices of the specified shape .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test the figure with data that have different training .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  encode   doctest
truth:  load   load

test:  given a prefslang class .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   try

test:  parses a string containing the given python code .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  required   register
truth:  register   register

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  make sure elements of nelements first element in list .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  return   return

test:  wipe the current filesystem partition .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  prepare   disk
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a workflow repository that automatically allow testing to read the test .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get the double line with the split line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vertex

test:  flag one job and failed .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  run   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns the calculated margin for a margin image and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes a plugin plugin .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  converts input arguments to the corresponding original .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  change   a

test:  creates an array of class from a isolation form the specified shape and returns a tuple of times .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of users that are following the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  return appropriate internet connection .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  close   close

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  read idnew api map into one layer_key .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  gets a list of candidates for an item .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  sends an email to the configured email .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   send
truth:  request   request

test:  check if the scalar frame is a scalar .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if fragment in zero or more pathname .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  return   whitespace
truth:  join   path

test:  test that the sat differences can be created from different but start with epoch data .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  creates json files contained by json file and image name to create a json file .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  creates   batch
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a "wordpress link" example headers we are the path in the header link .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   links
truth:  extract   links

test:  write metadata and shift lines or trail stack .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  update the ip address and sample data .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  update   a
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  returns a hash from the given database or partial object .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  to   update
truth:  return   a

test:  add default git usage information to specified git process .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  add   storage
truth:  make   null

test:  validate a signed bluetooth device by bd address cli example: .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  turn   pair
truth:  null   null

test:  sets a unhandled application-defined in a thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  this should work with your conditions and has been redefined .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  opens a config file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  content   imports
truth:  content   content

test:  test that for a bug works .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  test   null
truth:  need   need

test:  the named ''}ret if not supported .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  parse an xml string from the before the given string .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  parses   string
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : morerules ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  this is an ipython extension .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  is   load
truth:  unload   unload

test:  count number of security group rule .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  count   null
truth:  rules   rules

test:  plot plot .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   plotting
truth:  plot   influence

test:  context manager for testing output to put it to the final tunnel .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  text   a
truth:  write   null

test:  test the makefiles against the results .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list the template .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  list   point
truth:  set   up

test:  attempt to find the extension in the candidate number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  get   testenvironment
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  set the result of code in code .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  set   in
truth:  find   find

test:  shear a function to shear with the numpy array of numpy .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  carves up a mime_type and returns a tuple of the where params is a media range and is a media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   return
truth:  carves   up

test:  make all timeout api call with a query query .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  test   run
truth:  run   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  update api-version info in one table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  update   create
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: build-publisher this plugin allows you to define "weight" on build log .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  atom : atom | qliteral .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   newlines
truth:  atom   atom

test:  generate common paragraph of projects for groups .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a translation object for the given language code .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  resolve an object to an object .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  persist a user id from the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  write a list of contents to a users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  create a new project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   multiple
truth:  create   a

test:  create a test file name .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get the corpus .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  patch the part* .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse applicationcontent as a dict of potential values in use this helper function is valid .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates an md5 hash with the given given object .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   md5

test:  iterate over events contents .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  iterate   end
truth:  receive   messages

test:  return true if s is in the same .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  sets the set of env .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  stub receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  wait for a queryset .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  wait   returns
truth:  trigger   a

test:  inverse of classes .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  null   intersection
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the type name for given type .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that a django messages are met .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  check   elements
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  mentions   timeline
truth:  display   users

test:  checks if the ipv4 address is a valid ip address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   match
truth:  match   match

test:  fix function .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  this function checks if n is a special number of nodes .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   symbol

test:  compute the given remote method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  remote   remote

test:  the most basic happy-path call .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the given generating stream .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   version

test:  parse a unicode-safe string with bson backoff .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a bar chart using :class:barbuilder <bokeh .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the minimum of a function of one variable .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  validate a django django settings .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  boolean   validate
truth:  project   project

test:  returns default context for all the current user .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  default   set
truth:  default   default

test:  the error message type that handles the error map and subsequently the appropriate value -- the appropriate behaviour of the cookie .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  null   need
truth:  download   download

test:  convert a version string to a standard version string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the size and size for this known kinds to be between 0 .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  patch the named member in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   multiple
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for python 2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  helper function to get mapping from dictionary mapping to object .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  string   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the directed boundary of a directed graph .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the jinja jinja database .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  grab   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the file uuid .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  are always returns a string .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  are   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  lookup up an entry table for the given value .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  lookup   string
truth:  to   try

test:  formats tabs with all tabs .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  formats   key
truth:  takes   null

test:  check if specified service is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  extract text as a single value: description .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  text   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate exponential fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to **boto with old modules that have debian yet specified .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  to   compatibility
truth:  return   return

test:  create timeseries .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  create   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if* .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  translate an address to network packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  calculate the next element in a list of pairs .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  see   function
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the hypervolume with the hypervolume with the least the hypervolume ref specified in the hypervolume ref of the hypervolume .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string with an int .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  returns   str
truth:  insert   insert

test:  the main view for the html page .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  checks if 'centos' is installed .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  if   a
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test filtfilt class .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  check that the full test_badoptimization() works for different systems and passing other systems to that altaz the correct altaz other systems .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  formats a number of number strings into localizable using the specified scientific .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  see   null

test:  return the corresponding element corresponding to the given function .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  provide data onto the machine buffer .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  tell better character literal .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  do   convert
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  returns proxy tools for the specified vm .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  use   use

test:  check that the dnf auth registry is the generic certificate allowed to load .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  attach   configures
truth:  see   null

test:  convert denominators to ground bc: if f does not exist .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  convert   denominators
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  create a test folder for caching tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  store a certificate to the given store name the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  store   return
truth:  remove   a

test:  add new authentication methods to the list of content .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   attempt
truth:  add   add

test:  require the 'af' language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  execute a function inside the selected sequence .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  adjust   run
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a single client .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  make   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  plot ccpr plots and chunk of each axes mod .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  return user info if present .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  search   a
truth:  add   nzb

test:  when an archive .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  look   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  parameters schemas : sine .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  null   names
truth:  import   import

test:  generates a list of form for a group of x .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   osquery_registry
truth:  processes   processes

test:  find a specific migrate in the migrate repository .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if http certificate is zero .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  return   test
truth:  given   null

test:  type -> address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  pair   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test stack class that runs when the migration object is active .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a list of tasks assigned to a user .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  filtered   view
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of directories in the given path to the view .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test that model can be set to the right model .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a float that follows test with only one of the given float .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine if the given node is valid .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  if   x
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes belonging to a cache image .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  query   query

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  ppui_ligintime  .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that the tpot predict function outputs a tpot pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for multiply .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  split the list into a list of tuples to invert that each element will give a list of tuples so that we give that would work in the first element
truth: take a token . 
test:  split   a
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of the ntp peers on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  low the specified size of low sizes .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  resize   null
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  read 32bit transform from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   console
truth:  read   64bit

test:  check whether a user has prereg registrations .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  to   request
truth:  landing   page

test:  return a single space of indentation .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  return   indentation
truth:  given   a

test:  parse a architecture into a prepared entry .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  save the results to a list of predictions .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  save   null
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  construct a abstracts linear move function based on the watch covariance .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  remove   sets
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a list of services names for all available services cli example: .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  writes a file into a datastore value .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  log clip for a transfer function specifying the log clip parameters upper : ndarray the max @qtwebengine_*/@qtwebkit_skip matrix networks .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses a hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert printing in embedded in strings to strings using embedded things .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  executes a classical partially matched crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  this method will build out emails to build out emails out emails in the purchase page .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  null   method
truth:  create   create

test:  sanitize an ipv4 dotted address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  take   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test the model extensions that have a file extensions .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get default footer hooks for matching one .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  get   documentation
truth:  append   a

test:  create a special name for use in tests .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  create   function
truth:  lookup   a

test:  standard error helper function .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  utility method to create the pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  null   read
truth:  write   null

test:  a helper function for parsed text or the node .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  tasuki gap .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   star

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to master .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get a class instance for the given settings .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  returns   load
truth:  get   get

test:  context manager that saves changed .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  like aes .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  calculates   encodes
truth:  encode   a

test:  a storage document as a storage string that has been storage .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  check   check

test:  parses a string into a string .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  parses   source
truth:  to   function

test:  create a new map file object from a list of warnings .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  create   attempts
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns a given block with subsection nodes session and start networks .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multiply f .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  null   product
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob from google cloud storage .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  force source string from a given weight .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  transform a pipe .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the process is allowed .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  function   function
truth:  execute   a

test:  function that will check the extra header live header codes .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  internal helper method to verify the virtual machines on a specific port .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  null   example
truth:  launch   launch

test:  create xml into xml .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  create   view
truth:  read   read

test:  compute f using a bug inplace .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  scans   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  send a running system cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  halt   a

test:  return a network config object for a supplied module .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   a

test:  serve the courses notes page .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  display   display

test:  load the smartos temp directory .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   openssl

test:  save the value to the specified value .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gets a list of candidates for an album object .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   i
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  return the comment for the given comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  return   return
truth:  record   a

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  file paths without containing absolute files .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror if theres a admin_cls clause .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return true if a hash is a wrapper for a file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  runs the command .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  runs   commands
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the name of the enumerated service .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  return   return
truth:  name   name

test:  return the keras character set as a new user .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  return   return
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return all activities public activity for the given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  create a model goal on acceptable pagination .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  parses   test
truth:  try   try

test:  add current mime content to the application .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  add   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test a telnetlib .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   tests
truth:  return   a

test:  concatenate variables from datastructures .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  recursively compute a local ips from the server .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the default version for a given exploration version .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  parses valid element into their namespace string .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  parse   replaces
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   gunzip
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  save an image to profile .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  save   upload
truth:  null   api

test:  find whitespace in a ]+' parameters comma separated list of whitespace .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  find   null
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start start with the private port .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  loads   return
truth:  creates   null

test:  test the sphinx program .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  control   runs
truth:  run   example

test:  test the full path should production correctly .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   running
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the username of the users host to remove .
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  creates an event on the event timeout .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  null   function
truth:  wait   null

test:  create a proxy for use in tests .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  create   test
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a log on a specified request .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  check to see if the current 'up' is available .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  to   function
truth:  open   open

test:  pull translated 'pavelib strings to pull strings from transifex strings and metadata strings .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  translated   source
truth:  source   source

test:  helper method to get the region calling number for a phone number .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  yield   extension
truth:  gets   null

test:  compares checksum can be sent by the ordering of different ints .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  compares   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  split a string on a long string .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  split   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a formatted timestamp according to the given hour .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  check that the app remote host is random data point .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of k elements in a graph .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  given   use
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing values in fill_values should only replace matching column names .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns together for the student flow .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  parses an http accept-* in the locals chain .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  specificity purpose class .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  null   function
truth:  default   default

test:  in python .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  null   map
truth:  returns   a

test:  for each item in nt .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  convert   nt

test:  create a chain super-rmdir; iteration with the given id .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  combines   function
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a theano shared variable b: a theano shared variable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when the collection errors occur when the --continue-on-collection-errors is set .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a string describing an instance .
truth: given an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  return cart which ones are enabled on the service_client_name database or does not have cart .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  build hgrid json url for api .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  build   hgrid
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified volume .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the first word is checked by the tree .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  check   split
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a boto3 number to millisecond command line .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  if f is added to hypothesis .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  convert multiple fastq file and multiple fastq data to multiple fastq files .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  convert   copies
truth:  calls   calls

test:  lists all vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  computes the log moments moments for a set of items .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that blockdevicedeployer calculates certain changes back to the supplied state .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   sets
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  validate a wildcard urls that are not been allowed to the same as allowed for the given wildcard one of the wildcard sequence .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  is   null

test:  register doctest sense .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  value   default
truth:  registers   null

test:  a single topic forum .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the osram tv%s lights .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function kei(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  null   nt
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  split id into ]result[flowgram map from package id .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  filtered   null
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  create dask array space based on array name .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  create   copies
truth:  return   num

test:  converts a json representation of a health option to json .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a test method that tests the given function .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  test the configuration['n for a given predictions .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  returns   seconds
truth:  null   throughput

test:  decorator that requires exploits handlers .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  start frappe .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  start   create
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  status are created through lettuce steps .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  are   shutdown
truth:  are   models

test:  use this function to pickle and return a list of strings .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  create an output entry for a child process .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  create   sys
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a bottle application from a module .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   remove
truth:  load   a

test:  get a metadata-schema type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  test to make sure all of f works .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  makes one error handler for returning one error handler that execute one error handler and validation function in-place .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate an eip error .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  allocate   eip
truth:  null   vpc

test:  test that threshold throws fails when a bad scheme fails .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   test

test:  add user with given document .
truth: add user default . 
test:  call   plugins
truth:  add   user

test:  return the platform .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  gets log error page .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  initialize signal handler for the initialize signal handler .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  initialize   implements
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  to   force
truth:  function   function

test:  return the immediate children of a vhd vhd with specified uuid .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  adds fixed counts down the indicated fields to the pending fields .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  like   like

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  models are created through lettuce steps .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  are   python
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return the circular variance of the dataset along the given axis .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  read a list of tuples of vectors in a device .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  look   function
truth:  loads   data

test:  just split assets .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates n bytes .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  compute the in-degree coefficient for an prime number of nodes .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  register a new service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   a

test:  adds gaussian .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a handler for 404s .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a regex that match nodes in the xpath search query string .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  returns   git
truth:  using   null

test:  given an exception .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  given   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  given a list of objects .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create a row from a row and dict .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a unix report and returns the start value from the start report .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  set interpreter to a script with argument .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  code   code

test:  uses memcached to read a terminal .
truth: like write . 
test:  uses   matplotlib
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  return a operations criterion .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  clones   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  open a file and return the filename .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   open

test:  process the according markdown object .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  settings   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add a new session to the config .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  adds   sentence
truth:  null   null

test:  wait until the value is eventlet .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  wait   null

test:  builds the data from the '<lhh' specified .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  build   jobs
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup an pid instance .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the node is made from a tree .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   roles
truth:  return   return

test:  get the dictionaryelse tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lists wiki documents templates .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the group name of a file or directory .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the xdg_config_home .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return partition information for volumes mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  report   report

test:  creates a indice ngram ngram to convert the specified sequences .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if resource method is public method .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a posix character .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  grouping a number of summary formatting on the requisite number of places with the current locale settings .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   convert
truth:  formats   a

test:  to stop/power off a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  to   reset
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  ensure that the specified containers is deployed .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  run the minion to set a specific state cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  git   information
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  is   null

test:  register a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a version of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  null   method
truth:  combines   a

test:  returns the netmask netmask given a cidr ipv4 or cidr number .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check to see if cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns true if the given object is a user-defined generator .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  accepts the template from a template directory .
truth: render config template . 
test:  renders   render
truth:  config   config

test:  instantiate an attribute class .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  load   a

test:  get a block of kwargs for a block of kwargs .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  get   artist
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make a template .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  make   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  check that the product group info should be used in the instance .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the folders created by the path in the u'tests/test-pyhooks/inputpyhooks' .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a class wrapping an option value from a class .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  return   null
truth:  build   build

test:  given an object .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  processes   a
truth:  protected   null

test:  guess the object with the given name .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  function   function

test:  test that these are from multiple devices .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  test   get
truth:  null   null

test:  perform dictview these are instantiated from the same logic across one of the supplied history .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   entry

test:  generates content in a url .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  content   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set the global ui .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  call   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  python 2 .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns data in a nice meta format .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   segment

test:  get the graphs automate notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create user in iis model .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  create   model
truth:  do   one

test:  translate a mime type for a value .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  split   mime

test:  create a new unique header .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return instances and joins that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   snapshots
truth:  return   backups

test:  compute the pdf of the unit intersects an exponential distribution .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  compute   equation
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  check a "session" repository or raise invalidgitrepositoryerror if they are met .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  check   provider
truth:  set   a

test:  returns a list of the interactive number of seconds in django .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  build the device to creation .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  build   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  alternative relu implementation .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  rectified   null

test:  parses the 'shape description file and returns the python object .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  update the new account from a new host .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  copy source_path and destination off directories .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns current current utc current reporter .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a formatted as a direction amount of locale codes .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   a

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the cli portion of a netvisor cli portion of the netvisor cli portion of the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return transform dict mapping values to transform .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  transform   image
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a dict of the requirements for the specified requirements .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  add the beneath paths to the path if there is no leading one element .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a reference to an kind of data .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  add   copies
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the extra attach spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  decorator that wraps logic on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  utility function to convert a tuple to a float .
truth: print returns . 
test:  find   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  main entry point should be run once .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   test

test:  scan the given string .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  sorts   strings
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path segments of a url .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  updates contacts .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  tests that we find numbers with exponents and negative signs .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generates user certificates from a group .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  generates   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the percentage of correct documents correctly classified as positive .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the locale list in the given locale .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  set   a
truth:  does   null

test:  convert a ripemd160 to a simplified timeout .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  default   default

test:  the restful handler for notification notification access to the given user .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  null   null
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  mutual mutual matrix entries to be created traffic .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  measure   null
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a temp file for filename .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  write   version

test:  check whether the portage field is eeg .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  check   check
truth:  do   null

test:  tries to determine the current sensor .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  eip arguments disassociate address .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  null   uninstall
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  creates a query on the rest token .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  use   use

test:  compute mnist integer p parameters p : integer number of integer n .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  null   indexes
truth:  return   return

test:  expected value of the wishart product of the wishart the wishart the expected value of the determinant of the determinant of a wishart-distributed identity matrix .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  value   value
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: build builds build steps from build steps on build steps instead of build steps .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   null

test:  gets current interfaces and load them within the device .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   current
truth:  gets   null

test:  for a given axis .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the sha1 and value_type estimator .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  return   equality
truth:  compares   null

test:  the microsites activation function uses the signer method .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  get all datacenters services to use a vcenter with the specified datacenter name .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   decorator
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  port interface to supply asynchronous information .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  the sign .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  sign   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  run the tests with and line options .
truth: gui test . 
test:  run   issue
truth:  test   test

test:  require the nmap region to use .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  require   a
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a port cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  set   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  rrule rule between incomplete and the top events .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  null   mpl
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deletes the specified floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return a string representing the simple wrapper for the specified instance .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   details

test:  once to once .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a function for the given stream .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  output   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns the group name from a string .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  requests   null
truth:  get   get

test:  find all of the entry associated with a given entry .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  find   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the current filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  to detect otu data table by marking the iterable of samples args: value: : list of sample metadata files to be more than one line records are in an iterable
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  combines   a
truth:  make   n

test:  fetch absolute path to output_path in target .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  add a user in an index/indices user .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  converts a string to a binary string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  make   null

test:  quote a single space or unicode characters .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a user .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  authorize given security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  infer   security
truth:  authorize   network

test:  format the tooltip statistics to xml element .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  format   format
truth:  null   helper

test:  sort tasks from a string .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   lx

test:  returns the current date in local time zone .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  make   time
truth:  null   timezone

test:  computes the *l1* mb of two numpy arrays .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  null   measure
truth:  null   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey in a simple migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  like   tests
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: priority-sorter upload files at 'io requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <custom+tools+plugin> .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the ip address from a http ip address .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  function   ip
truth:  ip   ip

test:  transliterate pickleable version of pickleable .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  null   instance
truth:  get   get

test:  gives temporary config directory with set-up directly on the last text .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  null   serialization

test:  returns true if course needs to required a course or is allowed to process .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  conditional function to properly with changing formatting in python .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  raise skiptemplate nontrivial if data is false .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  raise   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calls external imports .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  function   run
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a formatted timezone name based on localzone in utc .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compares   null

test:  test redis email commands .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  null   contributors

test:  returns an array with same values as size .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  orders index page .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  takes a span formatted string and checks if the path .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  takes   list
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   null

test:  mount the container namespace from disk image .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  commit   up
truth:  clean   up

test:  redirect to index .
truth: log out . 
test:  redirect   sign
truth:  log   log

test:  get media instance in media list arguments: entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  get   null
truth:  index   index

test:  neighbor version of float .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  null   return
truth:  array   array

test:  returns true if the user is 'ga' .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that given failedtoremovedatabase{ is absent name the name of the database to remove .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular review .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  check if a list is currently not currently not currently not currently not .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  if   current
truth:  to   checks

test:  prepare http http server session .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  prepare   sets
truth:  saves   null

test:  print all action information .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   information

test:  returns parsed config from json file .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that columns in commented_header are not exponents on py3 and that the table notification corner - true if the table does not make sure the exclude_names attribute of other
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  wraps a string to the value of a given width .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  null   null

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  convert   python
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the rackspace driver instance for the given region .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list with the directory that contains the alternate pyinstaller hook for kivy .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  seq elements of elements .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  seq   a
truth:  value   value

test:  iterate over the iterator that yields a fresh one .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  display a package .
truth: return package info . 
test:  display   null
truth:  package   package

test:  returns a bad value to see if given variables like people .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  gives   null

test:  return a rest password .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  list   a
truth:  set   up

test:  also setsubtensor for model: .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  to   null
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  display whether sleep button can sleep until or off if new disk :return: a new power option .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  display   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  uninstall package with commands and run messages .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  uninstall   send
truth:  handle   osx

test:  create a configure app .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   ways
truth:  creates   null

test:  execute a command and return a boolean .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validate a valid ip for localhost .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ip   ip

test:  generate an oauth callable at which a request and scopes from the request .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  loads all classes from a module .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  loads   return
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator to designate an supported function only once .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  handle all of the application .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  signal   register
truth:  handle   handle

test:  updates the current versions of a dict .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  updates   helper
truth:  null   in

test:  check if a server is running on the system .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   version

test:  same as controlb .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  null   method
truth:  return   return

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  dictionary   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  format a range header for display .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  format   inverse
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  call the function callable with the callable .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  null   call
truth:  if   thing

test:  decorator: doing a dictionary .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  confs all /etc/portage/package .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  return   a
truth:  place   place

test:  check docstring not logical space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   network
truth:  revoke   network

test:  stop the geonode error handler for this process .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  stop   error
truth:  null   something

test:  determine if a user has allowed to send an action .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  if   null

test:  succeed a classmethod stripping by frozen here .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  extended   callback
truth:  null   null

test:  call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and check if the cookiecutter doesnt match any two or text is missing .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   call

test:  returns current line number within a string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a target from the values dict .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get the disk config file object to use the instance non the max config file .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  get   tag
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  check if "local" for graphical data is valid for unicode-compatible .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  test +10 line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  stack   artemis123
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  take a lhs place and return it .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  filtering   a
truth:  null   lhs

test:  check table table table with #3319 data .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  read   a
truth:  test   failure

test:  converts a 'bbbbbbbbb' array to an packed byte array .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   row

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  do not have a document .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  do   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  take an xml from a slice and return a list of strings .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  take   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  remove users group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  if   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  return a list of dictionaries .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  return   sql
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a heteroscedasticity integer to an integer .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  adds additional url to url .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of operation on the server .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  null   monitor
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  coerce python objects to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  null   value
truth:  value   value

test:  test if its string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  if   try
truth:  if   check

test:  fetch a pep cloud dict from the spec string .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  null   method
truth:  string   string

test:  get event button .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  seconds   crud
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a user from a group name the name of the user to remove to delete to .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  lits network interface .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  lits   a
truth:  create   a

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  helper function to load an instance of :class:i18n .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  function   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test if an unknown metadata arent deleted .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fill print x with only one element in x .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  create a google web browser url for the response .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  create   features
truth:  function   function

test:  build the exponents modules dictionary from config .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  build   null
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get an xml element by radius .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin text passed for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generates a string from the specified salt hash algorithm .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  build a specified disk cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  build   console
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the contents of a specified url .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a test suite for all modules from the provided list of names for the bokeh module .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   assert_is
truth:  fake   fake

test:  does a version have been stripped .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  does   version
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new instance type .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   a

test:  generates a new collection of objects from the given type .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   core
truth:  test   core

test:  this is shannons log parameters logbase .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   information

test:  skill types controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  null   provisions
truth:  null   provisions

test:  if the request is present .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  optdict   testdoc
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a storage instance into a version: instance .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parses   information
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a dictionary of tuples .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the success level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return weeks as days .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches a feedback message with the given id and message .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  determine if there are settings .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  gets   check
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  return   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  encode the base64 tag with base64 encoding .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  from a file normalize archive name .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  looks   check
truth:  finding   finding

test:  provides given lineage cli example: .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  null   cli_config
truth:  rename   rename

test:  test if the passed host and private directories are handles .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  create   remote
truth:  bind   bind

test:  return multiple index definitions in the index .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  matches   index
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  test if nested class is an instance of :class: .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize an object from a string or a no longer than it .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  test for registering source files .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  print   print

test:  generate a new role config .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check reference to network interface .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  writes one or more entry to another .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  writes   config
truth:  writes   null

test:  foo mongo configuration changes to default pcap .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  default   contact
truth:  return   a

test:  keystoneclient the frame and immediately that starts with the calling module .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  makes   checks
truth:  import   import

test:  create an s3 snapshot .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns the cumulative column of a .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a requests response with an connections response .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  set the state of the state output filters .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  run   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  check for mixed-state .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  null   in
truth:  read   read

test:  take a uuid and test to see if it can be represented as an object .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  take   a
truth:  returns   validation

test:  returns true if the passed string is a type .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dictionary containing one or more keys and column names to be used in configured parameters .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  convert   format
truth:  explode   null

test:  make sure the icinga2 servers is before the servers to be before the state specified .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  set the expression .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a bar matrix .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates all the keys in cluster .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  source   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  change frequency of daily updater thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   frequency

test:  regression test for issue #9 properly used to bind a test for each test implicitly was created with the test .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  converts   up
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of fields of the model verbose name .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  return the hardware options for a given routes .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  like   parses
truth:  given   filters

test:  remove a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  test the these elements present within the same markup as possible .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  test   individual
truth:  if   self

test:  a function that calculate lock from the desired lock lock .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  null   image
truth:  time   time

test:  parses a repository .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in devappserver2 .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  confirm an email using confirmation interface .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the file path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  internal should be overriden in a pylab window .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  null   show
truth:  show   show

test:  helper method to check to see if a number is present .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  if   checks

test:  parent -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  null   parent
truth:  is   null

test:  creates a new graph from an adjacency matrix given as specified bipartite matrix .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  enable style style style class .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  return   a

test:  generate one random string of length n .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  regression test for bug that isnt crash oscillator .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  check   check
truth:  is   null

test:  parses the environment variables defined for an entrypoint .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  parses   env
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a path to the node from contingency through a node .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  get   notification
truth:  to   null

test:  generate the input value based on the input date .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  text   method
truth:  gets   date

test:  helper function to get an iterable of ssh metric .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of the namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  ripple and curve .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  salustowicz   benchmark
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the versions of a file .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  step rules .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  check if the actual last work in the actual last argument .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  given   reader
truth:  run   run

test:  like node .
truth: like node . 
test:  like   image
truth:  like   node

test:  render topic filters .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  render   shows
truth:  configures   configures

test:  run a template .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  build a python module .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  build   attempts
truth:  return   a

test:  takes argument to a string .
truth: like zip . 
test:  takes   i
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  converts a resource context into a standard subclass context .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  converts   type
truth:  given   a

test:  return a 64-bit size in byte order .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   partition

test:  remove one of the item from the item .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  remove   run
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  set the name and layers for or enable .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  clear   null

test:  decorator that checks if there are any of the kludge: kind .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run all unit .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  run   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a helper function to get unicode output .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  null   module
truth:  object   object

test:  perform a blas/lapack .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  null   up

test:  convenience function to ignore case for *keywords .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the regex and build the current subset of the hidden patterns .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  filter   a

test:  load data containing specified data and return it as a dataset class .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  load   test
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   temporary
truth:  create   create

test:  load only one tree at a specific tree .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  load   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test interpolation "account class .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup a streamhandler .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  return an object holding time value .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  teardown directory .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return a filter name from a top level name .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  import an rsa key from a pkcs#8 entity in python .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  finds elements in only one or the other of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   elements
truth:  finds   elements

test:  check whether http status code is successful .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets chunked vote on the question vote .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  extend   master
truth:  keep   null

test:  never use xml loop based on xml links and query .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse header http response headers to http request headers .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  reports   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns true if the given path was written by zipfile and subprocess .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  reads   a

test:  return the path to the specified path .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: watching the event log .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a human readable string into a human readable bytes .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  prepare   documents
truth:  returns   returns

test:  chisquare matrix .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  calculates   request
truth:  null   replacement

test:  setup the dte sensor .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a list of pretty nodes given the pretty .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  return   set
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  generate first numpy array of sequences including conditions .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  creates a new function with specified functions .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the directory if filename points exist at filename :type filename: str .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  clones the existing security group from opennebula .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   a
truth:  clones   clones

test:  require a service to be running as stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  require   a

test:  edit this decorator should only be a collection editor .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  edit   authentication
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find and return a socket object .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  find   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the count for the comment count and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  note name is used for current sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  name   search
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates a global ui object .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  creates   factory
truth:  create   a

test:  tests that various use of pr should not be used .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  test   test

test:  converts a dictionary to an given key .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable with a raised cosine distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a hexstring binary string from a bounding binary string .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check some credentials .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  check   check

test:  add unique index to language .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  source   null
truth:  returns   target

test:  test for html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure that entry_points main plugin does not exist .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  considering the coefficient of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  copy a file from a folder .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  return the information returned when the specified jid .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  run a string through a subdirectory .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  run   return
truth:  check   reference

test:  get an extension code from the given num: .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  saves   key
truth:  unregister   null

test:  parse vlan entries in network .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  interpret   a

test:  save a buffer in database .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  save   null
truth:  called   null

test:  return the information about the pillar data for pillar data .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   pillar

test:  check if a vpn is currently buffered .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  if   return
truth:  gets   current

test:  adds a random word on a single iteration .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  limit   a
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the name of this sdk version .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   request
truth:  gets   null

test:  a view that has an http response .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  view   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   mark
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return the source source file .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  source   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  extract the candidate exit from the database .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  listing   listing
truth:  listing   listing

test:  add a logger handler to the internal logger .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  run the checker messages in the current context object .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  execute   function
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  describe a table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  to   info
truth:  describe   a

test:  only load if csf exists on the system .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  frees a list of available audio output devices .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   a
truth:  frees   null

test:  return a key for the given kind .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if a user is allowed .
truth: check acls . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return j][ communicability for all nodes in g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decrypt plaintext function .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  hidden implementation of n elements of a sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check if the 'ext' is any copy of the projects .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  if   option
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parses a property name .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this function is called when the tensorlayer doesnt change .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  return true if the code is a repository code .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  return   try
truth:  creates   a

test:  simple wrapper for simulating .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  null   class
truth:  function   function

test:  return a boolean indicating if we can generate an arbitrary key .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of patterns .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set the user used to get the group .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  to   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  adds quota usage dirty bit for a given resource and multiple usage dirty .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  adds   data
truth:  set   resource

test:  return the current env' database .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return the captured_stdout/stdin/stderr values used for many high algorithm .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  memset stack array by the given function .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  obtain   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  build a dataset instance using private key fields .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  update   a
truth:  create   a

test:  from a polygon .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  converts   coefficients
truth:  construct   null

test:  find whether the user is admin .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  find   helper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  yield pieces of data from a file object .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  yield   generator
truth:  yield   null

test:  return a single space from a list of word .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  return   elements
truth:  returns   a

test:  force-reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  coerce rgb values to rg + gb .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  return   shape

test:  complete order of product .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  dictionary   password
truth:  to   null

test:  helper function wrapping an email .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  send   a
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse a soap enveloped tree .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  makes sure that the application is defined and running .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  register a user to check if everything is api .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  register   a
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  remove list .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   null
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  counts sum .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  counts   returns
truth:  count   count

test:  get points from coords distribution .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   corners

test:  check if current request is a 'kbforum-post-min' .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  computes all the metadata metadata .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the optional oslo_messaging version of module .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  module   module

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  creates a specified node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate between files .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  generate   call
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a list of pairs from given limit string .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an issues role string for a user in a github commit .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the loop component .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: grails check files via grails html scan-build .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  null   env
truth:  null   null

test:  instructs chocolatey for the package with the given name .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  read a file from the given filename .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  read   a
truth:  open   a

test:  checks whether we are equal to split in python2 .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  gets the default contributors for a given snapshot .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  reverts   number
truth:  computes   null

test:  normal test on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the multivaluedicts component .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  a view that is requested with get and accesses filename .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   dummy

test:  return the python version of a module .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  return   module
truth:  load   a

test:  return a callback to return a time .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for registering a view .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list of functions .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  given   a
truth:  log   history

test:  convert rgb values into hex color tuple .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  change   a

test:  given a compiler compiler module .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  create   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  potentially sure that the exception string is an exception .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  exception   exception

test:  check payload from a list of ndarray .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  waits for a element to become until the element with the behave element is sent or until a behave wait time .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  to   null

test:  get input data on the 'string'} .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  stream   null
truth:  null   method

test:  create a tag tags or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  iterate over genbank formatted entries from a cdao file handle .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  breaks   up

test:  given a number of even digits .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  function   up
truth:  test   test

test:  select last element in a list .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  null   users
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the logarithm to the base 1 of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  given a path to the root directory .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  given   bytesio
truth:  function   function

test:  conditional function used to support tasks in django < 1 .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  function   function
truth:  to   null

test:  emulate a string to be used for use in html .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  null   something

test:  a decorator that asserts that a validator validator doesnt support the decorated validator function .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  normalize a string for printing a given string .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  normalize   string
truth:  return   return

test:  create a network or id .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  contourf distance from "needs number and labels .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  return   create
truth:  show   image

test:  returns the current user in output schema .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  view   view

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   method
truth:  encode   encode

test:  make sure the megabit in_filter works correctly .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  make   test
truth:  see   null

test:  default text for the output of a node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  text   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  unlock the readable string to include in a worker .
truth: internal function . 
test:  obtains   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert internal non to a search object .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a package if it doesnt already exist .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  password   chocolatey
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  return the set of terms of a volume info .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  return   close
truth:  correct   correct

test:  configure verbose verbose .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  decides   integer
truth:  configure   configure

test:  check if logger exists in a package or a package of the module .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  if   access
truth:  if   checks

test:  creates the admin model class out of the given model from the object and the object which are created .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  render ini view to template .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  sets the modules output level .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test function .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  null   product
truth:  compute   compute

test:  set the services id for the given tenant .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  set   password
truth:  set   set

test:  deletes a vpc peering connection .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  validate maybe without resetting company .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   validation

test:  return a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  return   null
truth:  needs   null

test:  given a resource name and a job id .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  given   function
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether a repository to a repository .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  check   sets
truth:  git   git

test:  a shortcut for the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  null   blocks
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list points in a cassandra cluster .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   permissions
truth:  list   permissions

test:  accepts and returns folder path .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a string representing a range header .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  performs arr but with elements permuted is arr enough to be arr .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create and return a volumes node from a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  function   name
truth:  convert   a

test:  replacement for get_ha1 .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  null   return
truth:  identify   values

test:  default widget wrapper around trash .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a list of all matches in the given pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  return   try
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   categories

test:  define redundant whitespace inside stripping interface .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  clean   return
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates argument parsing .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  create   argument
truth:  setup   argument

test:  check if a string is a string .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  fake   fake

test:  return a deferred which are target_rel or a passed xml element with the value set .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  return   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  provides the sum of a number of seconds .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  provides   function
truth:  signal   signal

test:  get a bson error number .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: description-setter translate service containing build failure .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : minus expression .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator for fully fully checks if a user is authorized .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a path with each line in a list .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   a

test:  convert hex color into cookie: .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  hex   hex
truth:  take   a

test:  return the user specified partition .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email when a c{true} indicator is done .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  look   null
truth:  email   email

test:  word the sequence of a string to word shell .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the directory where repo is .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively convert key .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return a intersection graph that can be used in the preferential preferential .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  pick and return a list of topics for fif .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  split   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns training metadata for the provided batch only exist between flake8 and fs_file .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  training   console
truth:  extract   null

test:  like print_exc() but writes out of the given item .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  like   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper function to copy rows on a single model .
truth: train model . 
test:  function   null
truth:  model   model

test:  asynchronously enumerate to resolve a multiple individual individual access to a registered theyre .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  read   a

test:  update the local data message .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  update   a
truth:  fire   fire

test:  return a numpy array with specified arguments .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  return   version
truth:  constructs   a

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   host
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  given a list of arg .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  given   arg
truth:  joins   a

test:  wrapper around lexer that checks if the given lexer is just a regular expression or other rules .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  null   return
truth:  code   code

test:  common weighted from partial name .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   null

test:  test that table doesnt make sure that original table is not defined in the process characters .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get the generator specified in the calendar .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  resize   callback
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return a list of sql statements required to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  hook hook .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  null   run
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a userrpc to set the number of instances on the module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  return   return

test:  write data .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  a view that modifies the html of the request .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   a

test:  build a set of mocks flow .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  build   checks
truth:  runs   a

test:  check that a value is a list of integers .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a organizations dashboard activity dashboard from the given users dashboard count .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   compatibility
truth:  return   return

test:  add a attribute to an index file .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  add   unit
truth:  specified   null

test:  negative binomial matrix .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  regression test for initial module .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  ask   test
truth:  calls   calls

test:  validate and return a value .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  commit   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  return the standard deviation of type x .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  for some strange .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  convert   strings

test:  unpack the data to a usable != .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  null   google
truth:  null   google

test:  transforms the output of parse() into tree .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  like   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  performs a parent template extends a template extends .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  create   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  return the path to the installed meta .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  return   package
truth:  gather   details

test:  a helper function to create command to check that most common use .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   get
truth:  patch   patch

test:  same as a += b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  if   test
truth:  note   in

test:  adapt data or a cut object .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  adapt   data

test:  join any overlapping arguments .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  join   a
truth:  null   contributors

test:  test that duplicate info arent saved .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that the average dispatcher correctly .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  given   null
truth:  require   null

test:  process show version using show show ip log messages .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  sets   show
truth:  show   show

test:  extract command from the environment parameters .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  match   match

test:  upload - modified files for displaying the multipart pi can be used as multipart c{str} folder .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  -   a
truth:  -   -

test:  generate sure report without the same results .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  to   name
truth:  to   helper

test:  check if overriding is currently inside linux .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  decorator to get a trace to a calling backend .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  log   log

test:  return a specific dashboard .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  alternate write & write one unit at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  source   one
truth:  write   one

test:  adds an unique stable stable stable order to be unique .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a url to a valid url only ever this code is called in the exception .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  check to see if rbenv is installed and rbenv .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  return the alphaf between two points normalized to ntests ratio .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  ordered   null

test:  move a file into an archive dict .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  extract   input
truth:  download   download

test:  show all the rows in the passed contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  empty   handles
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  null   builder

test:  half the half of a rectangle from a points a particular feature .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  return   fill
truth:  null   permutations

test:  gets the data from 2 weeks ago and formats it as output so that we can get a percent change .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  output   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  ask for [0 .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  ask   results
truth:  produce   a

test:  split a hashable functions into a list of functions .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  purge data from the requested jobs .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  grab   records
truth:  called   in

test:  create and return a copy node instance .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a droplet or digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return local threshold value for each pixel .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  get   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  return all activities from the database .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   user
truth:  return   return

test:  transforms a multi-line string as text to a single line - strips - strips leading and trailing whitespace - strips leading and after the beginning of the given html -
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  takes   a

test:  create a new adderror method to patch into a result instance that recognizes the errorclasses attribute and errors in the errorclasses attribute dictionary .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a b-spline cg function from a dictionary .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  add   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  process a process process with the process pid .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  process   date
truth:  register   a

test:  return the event transaction id to a transaction .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns true if the specified content is allowed .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  returns   field
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the url for a course .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts http request to front this function .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return dictionary for computing uniform class .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  dictionary   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dictionary mapping of d values to values .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string referring to an json-compatible file .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  validate that the dependencies is installed in the current request .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  validates   runs
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: convert check files to jenkins :jenkins-wikidocker hsail steps .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the given url has a url; .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list all supplied arguments using a single command string .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  list   list
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  refresh usage usage until it does not exist .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  refresh   quotas
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  return the variables from mercurial inputs note: have around in rounded .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  this library updates for the external configuration directory .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  start   recording

test:  create the published posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  create   a
truth:  update   update

test:  creates a user with the confirmation server .
truth: create a user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate an flocker key size .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the maximum statistic for baseline random variables parameters name : float .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  fix a collection .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  fix   a
truth:  translate   column

test:  disk image support will determine where the image to determine the image will determine where the image will be used or used modules .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> /path .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  loads a list of a given package file .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the system id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create sending as sending as price .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  create   validate
truth:  null   a

test:  utility function for sixs statements in a policy calls .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  is   color
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that value is a string or none .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  writes a write variable to a dictionary of bytes .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  return controller -- construct an experiment with the post .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  return   request
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a numpy array to an integer where zero element is encountered and can be used .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  given   data
truth:  copies   values

test:  driver function to scan previously brick helper function .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  attempt to clean a directory on the filesystem .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  null   format
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  helper function to find a temporary url for a temporary url .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  null   register
truth:  process   process

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  takes   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  makes a signal to the default signal name for this list of target name .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  run a remote remote ip on the given process .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   apply
truth:  command   command

test:  determine the string m factorization of the given number .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string representation of a path .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  null   map
truth:  convert   a

test:  update a protected .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   a

test:  raise errors if the stack of dask bytes with a byte string .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  raise   get
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only run this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  run   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns all colors available for rising/falling .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  bubble array x .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  return   counts
truth:  null   null

test:  return the sha-1 spectral time .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a dictionary of versions of the given path .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for each application from the next application class .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  null   a
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  test parsing hash class .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   init
truth:  default   default

test:  return the linting automate notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  set   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filter the given code to a valid string .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  setup the available wanted binary sensors .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  resolve an ip address associated with application name .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  helper function for the given url .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure a user is absent .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  make   null

test:  plot legend for a single large keywords .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   default
truth:  load   load

test:  get a method matching the given class .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  migrate migration to the local version .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  migrate   module
truth:  import   a

test:  for a given u2 + vary .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  null   history
truth:  return   return

test:  list extension in web server .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  list   configuration
truth:  list   resources

test:  parse a supplied instance .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  parse   validate
truth:  has   null

test:  converts proper records which are logged via the webhook .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  publish   drop
truth:  publish   null

test:  send an {u'accept' to each channel .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  send   a
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects vision in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   prints
truth:  detects   logos

test:  function to dummy variable without copy .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   return
truth:  function   function

test:  estimate discrete features should never be discrete .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a property or raise if namespace or namespace doesnt exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  get the cpu cpu fields for the object .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  supported   return

test:  return the number of unbits .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to fetch creds from brand account object .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  to   validate
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  sets the kill operator to the top of the next dataset .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  sets   stop
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get default x509 x509 by creating '<filename>' if it exists .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  get   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy the temporary file into another directory .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  copy   copy

test:  given a url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  given   generate
truth:  download   download

test:  return a list of events dumps on every page .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  find local representation of a yes/no metadata .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  filtered   function
truth:  null   custom

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   home

test:  generate a list of sequences in a sequence .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a buffer with the given frames .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  reset a development environment .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  reset   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  convert a dictionary to a dictionary parameters x : dictionary or list of strings to convert the dictionary to a query string .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  send a readme to the tool shed to retrieve the type for a repository defined by the combination of a repository for the repository shed use .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  send   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return prostr entries cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   a

test:  helper method for the current cluster with a leaf one .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   find
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  convert a extension in the primary key together .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find local flavor in the plugin .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  find   null
truth:  base   base

test:  return the first socket of the given data .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  get all tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  responds with the threads .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a length of length type from specified size .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return true a user a member of an email .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  copy a test test test test data set to let specified in the test test .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  copies   a

test:  convert a string object into a int object .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  obtain a configured calledsalt .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  obtain   decorator
truth:  execute   fun

test:  send pending event .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  pending   send
truth:  show   system

test:  creates function for mod apps .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  null   link
truth:  to   link

test:  creates a temporary directory that creates a temporary directory and set it to it .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the contents of all nodes in the graph .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  return   null
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add the data in srcpath file .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   update

test:  upload part of a jinja2 product to get key .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign to the named module and _cache_id functions .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a test suite for all modules that have been imported .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  null   testsuite
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  return helper: date for a month .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  list the latest version of a specified package get the repo failed to the latest version of the package available for upgrade or the user .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  get   a
truth:  download   packages

test:  returns the default value .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   configuration

test:  return the control services cli example: .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  we always update a running tree view and refresh the user view .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  returns   course
truth:  return   a

test:  return the subprocess .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  return   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  reset the user for a session .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  check if a user is sent as an email address .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  restful controller - not being visible to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - used for access .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros of error function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  link content to url .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  content   content
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate loss loss algorithm .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  calculate   fraction
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decorator for functions that returns timeout timeout or timeout .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   element

test:  renders a template into the given form .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  create   a

test:  translate one 1:23 to a git version .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  translate   attempt
truth:  manage   paths

test:  returns a memcache key for a memcache key .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   entity

test:  return a list of the post modules .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all available images in all available plugins .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  return   os
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the script .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  null   return
truth:  list   list

test:  download a string .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  download   download
truth:  create   create

test:  test batch end .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  test   generator
truth:  splits   x

test:  convert a source image to a unit string .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  convert   matrix
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a handle that compute nodes onto mtime .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  return   mongo
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a new equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  creates a save instance with a commit method .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : minus expression .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  add a new model to the given model .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  add   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  return a fake path from the module path .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  shows different types .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  shows   calculate
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  try to increase resource limits of the given interface .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  project user this workflow .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  project   delete
truth:  project   notifications

test:  find the path to an object .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  find   find
truth:  load   load

test:  converts a datetime .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns zeros of n .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper for duplicate functions .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  utility to make a function name using the db property .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  to   a
truth:  match   match

test:  returns debug stats from the beginning of a list .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  returns   osc
truth:  read   read

test:  test evoked data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  evoked   texts
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of traceback in python 3 response .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   indent
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: delivery-pipeline publish build failures requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieve the repo_directory template tag from a filename .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  attempt to call this function required on py .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  to   equivalent
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the leading monomial of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a query .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   host
truth:  create   new

test:  import the given path and return sys .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  converts   import
truth:  given   import

test:  test that formsets should always be ok .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verifies   template
truth:  verify   user

test:  internal interface for handling .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  null   display
truth:  constructs   a

test:  for a given function .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  null   plots
truth:  given   a

test:  joins content from a series of id .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  content   a
truth:  create   a

test:  unquote to parse the user .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  to   null
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  s   s
truth:  if   null

test:  number of record that is an item .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   virtual

test:  load a category from the category setting .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  extract a list of objects to match the provided module .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  loads   import
truth:  handle   handle

test:  html writer .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  get   get

test:  parse an u''qc start in string into a string in words .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  sign a string .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert django to django column names .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  changes   attempts
truth:  fixes   column

test:  check for explicit import of the _ function we need to translate the _ function to translate in the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a helper for receiving force a file content .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  null   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  returns a random string of sparse sample actions with the output of a random number generator .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  returns   binary
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  factors   factors
truth:  factors   factors

test:  restart the network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  do   null

test:  return true if the object is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  sets the console size for a standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create an parser to determine the command line options for a test line .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  add the x intersection indexes for a loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  endpoint   loop
truth:  add   add

test:  return a dict with information about each host in the ret['services'] stream but not configured types provided .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the location of the zookeeper ips .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns last threads that describes the last threads of a given thread .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  test basic ip address .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the given encoding for the current thread .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  convenience function to set a db .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  function   alternative
truth:  use   in

test:  find the given component .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  find   null
truth:  function   function

test:  this ensures that the python interpreter is supplied as an **kwargs .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  move   checking
truth:  code   code

test:  helper function to dump a file to a file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  test that passing masked column in fill_values should only replace masked columns or columns of the column in fill_values should only replace masked way .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the url has a database cache .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  context manager that caches and restore a sequence of values .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   remove
truth:  context   manager

test:  checks if the object is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   null
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return the comments formatted according to our salt_chars identified by a function .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  a no-op implementation to swap the event lock when there is a class .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the html configuration .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  return   fake
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  rnn rnn .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  null   add
truth:  return   return

test:  call os .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  call   teardown
truth:  to   function

test:  get the name of the file in the extension .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  the catching .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  null   up
truth:  is   null

test:  also construct a com object that can fire events to a user defined object .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  reconstruct id id from its id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   matrix
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  packs a list of tuples .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  return   a

test:  repl repl register via waterbutler .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  run   request
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the object to use for the given host .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return known integer and integer values .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  value   value

test:  compute args using torf bit f .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the user for the user from the passed user .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  gets   wrapper
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  this function parses the exceptions from an "human-readable" response .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  always get a set of an object with an attribute parameter .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates repo from git sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   repo
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  check if the current media player is seekable' .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  if   media
truth:  is   null

test:  start a file in the given filename .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   helper

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   current

test:  check that a user can be used as an html tree .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  check   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the signature signature .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the json content from the content_type .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a set of deprecated functions .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   a

test:  if cuda is currently set .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a random entity key that is stored in a specified xsrf example: .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  finds point that links to the reference with the given ref .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  trims   a
truth:  return   return

test:  push the latest version of the msvsproject to run the state in the input .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  make   null
truth:  rename   rename

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  a version of os .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  return the encoding used by locale returning a locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   sqlobjects
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test that the gaussian aux function is consistent in the expected fashion .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   calibration

test:  execute all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  prepare   run
truth:  stop   stop

test:  a validator that uses regex .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  to   things
truth:  to   things

test:  return the tag which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision on the current revision .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   similarity
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  converts a course_id string to a course .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that the table works .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  make   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  gets an auth client .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  try   try

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pairs   a
truth:  if   null

test:  update a opkg package .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   upgrade
truth:  update   pacman

test:  return a list of optionparse from a given user .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  and returns a domain representing d1 and d2 and d2 and d2 .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of module names from a given file name .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the variance operator together .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  initialize data from all the first mappers .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   mapper

test:  set dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  checks if arg is iterable .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  format a format string for datetime object .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  handle for a running backreturn mode .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  simple function for the standard deviation of y data .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  null   divmod
truth:  training   training

test:  gets the absolute path of the file to be '$python .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  open a user to reset database .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  update   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   a

test:  template tag to serve stylesheet from django-pipeline .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  tag   value
truth:  tag   tag

test:  this calculates the optimal distance values for a [0 .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  null   sum
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  registers a performance level presently value .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  registers   mark
truth:  register   register

test:  update file from file .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  source   update
truth:  translated   update

test:  converts dtype to statas types that can be sent to encode .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  dtype   numpy
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  parse a string or file-like object into a pair of check source strings .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  passes   null

test:  calculate the default variables for the flavor .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   up
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the same cache through the given path .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  try to find the feature operation on a given feature .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get environment used for environment contents .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  null   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  invalidates the local cache by removing the local cache .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  invalidates   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds a new suggestion to the status message .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  return the status of a peers peers the local peers .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert an image to a binary image and return true value .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  creates an poll proxy for the given serial object .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  config   config

test:  returns date/time with the api set of union messages .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if user has permission to the given attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load a 2d numpy array containing one letter matrix .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  null   information
truth:  returns   a

test:  lists all basedirs commands for the repo .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  display   templates
truth:  lists   lists

test:  test all modules listed in the chain .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  test   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return the default default value for a default 1 .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  validate the event status .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  reset a user to a user .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  reset   checks
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  add intersections of a loop for a line .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  add   add

test:  return a string encoded utf-8 encoding .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  return   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  a valid resolve function to be relative to a given path .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  null   permissions
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  attach mail from object to filename .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns a known known settings for this auth .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  get   get

test:  configure the specified one .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  enable   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return the dyndns alignment zone names from the specified zone .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  return   mpl
truth:  send   a

test:  return the latest element in the latest used snapshot .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  pick   pick

test:  scatter -> dict arguments: obj : ndarray or object to scatter .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  obj   append
truth:  slices   a

test:  returns a list of language regions for the given language tag .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get path from paths .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate all qos specs for specified qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  return a channel .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  return   a
truth:  establish   a

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   null
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  check for valid packages created by tmpdir/config locations .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  read calls from the object .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  read   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  prepend a virtual mappings for a virtual machine .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  provided   work
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute bessel derivative of n modified bessel function kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   list
truth:  submit   user

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get filtered view .
truth: status view . 
test:  get   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return availability data for availability .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  utility function to get a single random paragraphs with paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  pull a single field from the site_query data .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  convert an object to a list; .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  describe   null

test:  parse the given javascript dataset .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  parse   authentication
truth:  make   null

test:  trim some audio issue .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  trim   returns
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  accepts a file from the module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  file   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  return integer with a function and next iterable .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  iterate   vector3
truth:  running   running

test:  convenience method for emitting a cache file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  null   zip
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  log a task from the given value .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  log   null
truth:  module   module

test:  returns embed keys .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  return   return

test:  download a download download an options into the picks type .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  download   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  place a database under migration api only .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  place   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return url that matches the given urls .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  return   query
truth:  function   function

test:  stacks version of docker .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  recursive   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger object from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   camelcasenames
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  take one or more iterables in iterable and returns a list of dicts .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  return   list
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  ensures that the specified list is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  to   format
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a valid hosted rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  the first element in a sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  seq   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  if holiday falls on weekend .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  returns   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generates a generator for use in tests .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generates   configuration
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a machine on the value passed to the hypervisor .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  get_home_dir() uses $home if set .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  using   registry

test:  parse sufficiently .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  clear   null

test:  update an empty file for pootle_path .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  update   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract attribute from iterable .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  find   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the raw with a digital subset of the spline re .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  null   -
truth:  null   spline

test:  :) - be an remote_domain: service .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  to   a
truth:  command   command

test:  build history items from history .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  build   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the given package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that the gpu condition make sure that the right function replaces monitored by a bug wrapped optimization .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the user for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  null   return
truth:  show   show

test:  return a string version of a python text file name .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  decorator to turn a decorator into a decorator .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert path into a relative path components .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  clean   return
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return a string representing the number of instances .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  does   null

test:  convert a string from a binary string into a python list .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  unserialize total time after time took and number of seconds .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  time   method
truth:  return   a

test:  truncate except for string when adding when deployed .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  truncate   null
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a dict of all available projects .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the arguments of the tuple containing the given arguments .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  return   return
truth:  assuming   a

test:  run a process and kill it to the "\n process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  run   unit
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns the name of the current request for this app .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels and not .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller - unfiltered version .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a service name .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  show   properties

test:  additions version containing the project .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   a

test:  decorator turning a user to support extra test .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: scm publish trend scm on each build .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  url   url

test:  feed a main entry point for the same build .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  point   warnings
truth:  point   point

test:  cast lists for certain types .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  slice   columns

test:  create a indentation for use in tests .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a tuple of all projects that the given user is currently deleted .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  uncache a given path with the cache .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  context   dict
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator for marking test of an iterator .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  construct   a

test:  return the environment for the environment .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  merge   notify
truth:  supply   null

test:  returns the linear interpolation from a bivariate unit b .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  insert a list of files and set filenames to mode .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  packs   redirect
truth:  call   call

test:  check a wav string using the given code object .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  encode header .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  determine appropriate refs .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  list   null
truth:  pull   pull

test:  this function provides functionality for the announcements template tag syntax:: {% announcements permission_label .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  private function for modules .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  log a resource .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  download   http
truth:  query   a

test:  parse a list of http header into a list of http header dict and return a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the exponential range of the last element in /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/ .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  computes   null

test:  helper for sorting et block .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  null   changes
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  make the given digest and update with extra hash representation .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  file   shutdown
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return html indicating html indicating html .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  return   parses
truth:  to   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  renders a list of acceptable admin function: encode each code .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   inclusion_tag_current_app
truth:  renders   null

test:  send accesserror to sock sock class .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  exception   function
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  checks if object is a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   test

test:  perform updated sum of lowercased .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  perform   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all special characters that match any native characters passed in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  converts every string to a build file .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  string   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filtered   null
truth:  filtered   null

test:  parses a greenlet-based datasource into a wrapper around calendar tables .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  read   head

test:  convert a string to python data structure .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  take   iterator
truth:  to   null

test:  compute the 'sqrtn' indices of order sympy filter .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   discrete

test:  consume iterator n-steps ahead .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  advance   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  return a string of plugins in the format column names to the number of seconds .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  null   formats
truth:  format   a

test:  delete the output from request .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  delete   execution
truth:  if   validate

test:  testing decorator should output with verbosity 2 must apply --public-key-outfile 2 successful 3 .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  output   output
truth:  testing   testing

test:  test whether x and 1 .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return major version from version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns the information needed to collect the xblocks operator .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test chart option .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   no
truth:  fill   fill

test:  return the status for given instructortask entry in the instructor for an individual task .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  return   mark
truth:  returns   status

test:  convert a complex range to a mask .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  convert   dot
truth:  get   get

test:  check if path isnt a link to its in .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  decorator for a rational function .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   comparison

test:  instantiate an individual deviation .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  skip test if predicate is correctly .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   test

test:  clear the given operator and reattempt the removal .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete metadata .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  start the windows time service .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return a dict with new wiki titles .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  load server options dict .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  load   information
truth:  null   image

test:  convert a float to float or raise a float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a multiplication operator into a theano operator .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  return whether the given python implementation is installed .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  select   a

test:  unpack any data from a subset of files .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   ssh
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a new disk to the given disk on the given disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  if either a dict .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  return the list of matches for a dictionary of names .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  return   return
truth:  search   a

test:  given a path to a newly created zip file .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  given   null
truth:  compress   null

test:  test adding a new python module to the object .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  union   -
truth:  null   sessions

test:  returns grouped info from the form of an grouped list .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  form   form

test:  for a given article .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  null   return
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns a user password .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if version is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   test

test:  return a kargs value for a kargs level .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  return   format
truth:  function   function

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  updates   example
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  minimize   a

test:  generate bundle namespaces in xml set .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  given   statistics
truth:  controls   controls

test:  add hook back to the filepath .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  given a list of services and saves them to the collection .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  given   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  create a put user in the factory loop .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  solves riccati order mu partial differential equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  solves   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  use the output of a script to retrieve the output from a class-based ip use the output of a command line which can connect to a output .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  install a setuptools setuptools from a system .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  install   python
truth:  require   null

test:  return the first letter of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  same as a matrix in a square matrix .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  validate a one-time index file .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  validate   configuration
truth:  get   get

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be alter records .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  construct a function with the use in namespace .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check if volume is enabled on the volume id .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  uninstall one or several gems from gem .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   one
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  transforms a list of numbers to a series .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transforms   a

test:  get the first word of the given line .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  matching   line
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  create a new computenode and populates the capacity from the database .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a list of currently configured tap files brew the tap tap directory path to a list of dictionaries containing the tap brew : an array of keys in the
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt forced removal of a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  forced   attempt
truth:  remove   a

test:  check if utfbytes is readable by the utfbytes and should be filled .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a valid number for the specified region and fieldname calling code for a non-geographical number .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  gets   a

test:  passport - forward an http header .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  return a list of services that are available for the given copy of the latest rules with the example: .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return dhcp path to a pid or conf by uptime cli example: .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   path

test:  like dammit! .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  run   ssh
truth:  null   a

test:  return the cumulative taylor to one element of the second kind .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  return   matrix
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts the classical decimal .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  convert expressions according to utc in utc .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   inverse

test:  this function takes a list of accepted variables .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  function   function
truth:  report   report

test:  initialize the version number from masked .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: ini' this plugin allows you to define "weight" on ini' jobs .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   fixes
truth:  null   tox

test:  it should extract the repr has least one string .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test that numpy .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  cross-platform version of os .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  null   version
truth:  converts   a

test:  return url to add_tag for question 2 .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a bson double to python dummy .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   console
truth:  decode   a

test:  attempt to return information .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  implements   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  takes a post-order specification and returns a tuple of information .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  takes   prints
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  add vector3 using vector3s .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   assembly
truth:  add   add

test:  change total used to "can'tfind' .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  assert   checks
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  performs a sql query and sent the database .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  produces   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy parser from file specified in folder with a python code .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  replaces   copy
truth:  persist   parser

test:  params according to the lists .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  append   oauth

test:  walk walk binary coding .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  extended   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create an rpc instance from a configuration .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   a

test:  run up folder in the debconf folder .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  open   svg

test:  unbundle generator generator returning a escape' .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  helper function for asynchronous columns that require a node opening to the standard node .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add beveled vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  add   add

test:  non-blocking lock fixture .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  lock   a
truth:  lock   lock

test:  get a com object for a given payload .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   a

test:  flush a certificate revocation pem certificate revocation task .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  looks for a files in the s3 bucket for which the given bucket is to look up .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  returns the cmake from the given source code .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up the flow in session to recover information about requested route .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  computes   up
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  outline the file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  preface   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  karma'] -- gets the users by the path or resource .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checking for efficient function .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  null   fake
truth:  m   m

test:  checks if a user can run against the specified path to the users formatted string .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  traverse up from current directory and find mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   up
truth:  traverse   null

test:  decorator to mark a test if skip a filesystem is raisemsg testing .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  iterate over the path of all paths in a given directory .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   iterator
truth:  iterate   null

test:  detect if any configuration variables have been set .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  if   null
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a well-formed widgets starting with a rational function .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts hash in hexadecimal representation to 1 .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  mask   function
truth:  implements   generic

test:  validate the category config .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   list
truth:  validate   children

test:  post entry point for running pyinstaller application .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  null   point
truth:  create   create

test:  return filename of a file and determine the version of the event for debugging .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   python
truth:  patch   patch

test:  fully-connected function to parse image atom out an ampbox .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns code of all violations in the specified report .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  dummy function which will be called after each escaping .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  marks   message
truth:  returns   a

test:  internal helper for creating a virtual machine .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  process the archivable element and element .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  process   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a a[b] b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a history file .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resize the region from the wx .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  resizes   a

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  return a generator that due to 2 documents .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the python implementation used in bytes of a python long .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  return   colors
truth:  null   memory

test:  setup setup for an event .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   install
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns an instance of a user cli examples: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  send   increment
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all sm backend for a given sm backend .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  verify some iqn to the target replace it to use .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  call view with logging translation or the page access .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  log   log

test:  return true if the user is out-of-date .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  to   return
truth:  text   text

test:  connect to the database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  connect   information
truth:  create   database

test:  returns a list of all the rvm for which the given date is installed .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  update   rvm

test:  return the absolute segmentation for a pair of segmentations .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  send streams streams redirect .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  like   unix
truth:  redirect   a

test:  verify given mode is actually a portion of a portion of type .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  clear all documentation in the headers .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  clear   filenames
truth:  annotate   a

test:  return the status of a course .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  return   null
truth:  add   in

test:  quote the lines ending by single space .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  null   a
truth:  strip   strip

test:  safely remove a path for a directory .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  shear matrix from a column .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   translation
truth:  return   matrix

test:  makes a linear variables along different fit for xs .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  add a notebook to the notebook cell cell .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  add   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a tuple of anonymous user and |c1| values required for permission .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  return   guess
truth:  returns   user

test:  generates imports aes fields code .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generates   source
truth:  generates   a

test:  fix function in the python module .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  null   divmod
truth:  replace   division

test:  kbengine method used in unpickling .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  queries   stop
truth:  sets   sets

test:  add the directory to the directory using dirlist .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  run a authorization container on a specific container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  run   null
truth:  get   container

test:  decorator factory for permanently parse multiple replacement for now .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  function   function

test:  create a client .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if given path is installed in user site .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   return

test:  append a bunch of author to the specified tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare two 508 results into left and timestamp .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  simple page without template but with internationalization .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  null   page
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a unicode string from the returned attribute of value .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  return   dictionary
truth:  construct   null

test:  given a path string segments .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  list   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  add a list of matching add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  index   value
truth:  null   item

test:  converts all inline fields for a prepopulated form that should render the admin form .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative jn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  return an iterable of errors .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  call   function
truth:  pass   pass

test:  transpose --> matrix .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   rgb

test:  run the local path .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  support   multiple

test:  mount up a json json or remount if needed .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  mount   up
truth:  try   try

test:  return the rsa loss from the rsa value .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return true if path has a single url; .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  to   a
truth:  test   test

test:  generic helper method that launches a similarity .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  null   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  verify 1002 on the old-style old-style subject works by the url .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  url   reading
truth:  null   null

test:  create a node from a node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  iterates through the contents of a long integer .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  handles   returns
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  ping the given device heartbeat .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  ping   updates
truth:  send   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  registers the trigger types .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  register   register

test:  check if the messages cache is available .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  if   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  register a function for log of type exceptions .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  register   drop
truth:  registers   a

test:  assert that asserting a string is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  assert   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a query string to bytes .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  query   query

test:  remove an milestones milestone sent by the rest milestone service usage this function will be provided in the twitter milestone scaling kwargs: a prerequisite milestone rest of the request to
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   temporary
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  stop   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return if the given encoding name is valid .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts an exception from the exception .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  to   null

test:  read mm_stamp tag from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   stubs
truth:  read   read

test:  get a list of property using an unsorted range .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  estimate   a
truth:  need   need

test:  display requests .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  display   view
truth:  render   a

test:  this function will run the amp if it starts with a parts and return gid or a copy .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  upsample and then smooth image .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  computes   image
truth:  smooth   null

test:  insert a new query string like: back on a new query parameter .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  insert   delete
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  test working copy when a target already exists but not force force but force was not force but force was not force was specified .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  working   test
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  verify that username is a valid string .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  verify   validate
truth:  raises   a

test:  solves a file system of the points that points .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  null   method

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load namespaces of setting namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  get the local plugins .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt to rename a group and will fail if it doesnt exist .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  to   function
truth:  source   source

test:  formats '%f' .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   function
truth:  formats   a

test:  find the version number from the given version output .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  find   function
truth:  to   attempts

test:  redirects request object to the specified path if its not found or not found .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  serve   request
truth:  raise   null

test:  test the fix for #4350 where empty field were empty strings .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  return a query string from a query string .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  replaces space character after sql statement with a valid random blank character .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check for missing channels .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   ping
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a unique name to use for a python fold .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the divides id for a vm object .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   user
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an exception handler to args and presents a repr .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  register   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  transform a number of 0s in a python string form .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  null   string
truth:  get   get

test:  copies a list of requests from the pci view .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  complete   generate

test:  reads a file contents into a dictionary .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clear the regular expression .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return permutations from a random integer .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  sample   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  get a context manager that is loaded at least one random repository .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  return   context
truth:  context   context

test:  clean files under root and clean up everything in a folder .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  automatically like fonts setting .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  saves   current

test:  create a new .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  create   null
truth:  add   add

test:  get the metadata for a collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the locale information about the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  object   helper
truth:  fake   version

test:  return a list of services constructed on the node .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   a

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   exchanges
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  shuffle the task .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   html

test:  the largest querying data set date to end data .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  null   function
truth:  extract   date

test:  handle tarball into an option .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  null   display
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes the app_label file .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  adapted   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure default compiler specified in order .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  default   clone
truth:  null   inject

test:  cms of an object .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the list of regions in a country code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  open a bytestring load balancer at init .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  open   images
truth:  function   function

test:  monitor the details of the rest api .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  declare the only interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  resolve info from freebsd training and status cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  resolve   return
truth:  list   list

test:  find results for a given target .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  search   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  randomly construct a random letter .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse a string of the content type strings .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dict with keys summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  adds a new set of permission to the django standard metaclass .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  resolves   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the parameters into a pep http header content .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  build   a

test:  return a dictionary containing the elements of a libcloud layout .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  backward compatibility .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return equation for the dialogonal of order n from a number of time series .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  return   sample
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokalmichener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  collect mysql .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  look   in

test:  build a dictionary containing information from the row and merge them into a single row of mappings .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  make sure ast works correctly .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  make   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compute the size of a kaiser kaiser of 0 .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   a

test:  tries to find a file directly .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  to   query
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if a file contains the last position of an element and return true .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an wsdl name from a human readable method .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  cast a string or byte string to an ascii string .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  attach to idx responses and add a post to initial responses .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  save   null

test:  print the json inventory .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  return   python
truth:  find   find

test:  instantiate constructor using constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   cls
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  restart a quota .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  add   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  get the number of megacycles used by api calls .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  access invalid characters and collapse spaces .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  string   string

test:  for staging .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  null   null
truth:  files   files

test:  require the language contenttype .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  run all the freesurfer_home in the given domain .
truth: train a model . 
test:  run   pmd
truth:  train   a

test:  parses a dict of a dict of information from a extract " .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get svn changes for an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  cycle   namespace
truth:  changes   changes

test:  ensure its a decorator is a b-spline function .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  shutdown   convert
truth:  null   opposite

test:  kurtosis f at x measure parameters x : array_like .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object in matching object .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   identification
truth:  module   identification

test:  echo messages to a function using pixel monit .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  launches   lookup
truth:  prompts   null

test:  tests whether a image should be returned correctly .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  test   test

test:  a scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  null   search
truth:  null   null

test:  parse the structure of a list of namespaces .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the url from a url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the object is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  debug/test function for the revamped import plugin .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   install
truth:  function   function

test:  return the file description of markdown extensions .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take a layer and merge the corresponding object .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  take   a
truth:  converts   layer

test:  direct an context with the given context .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   replacement

test:  returns a average after tensorflow values -- the step .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  creates the hash for a single hash .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a media user type .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns an iterable containing the correct gettext test tests .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  returns   setup
truth:  provide   a

test:  make all entry lists .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  list   a
truth:  show   show

test:  prints common pagination info .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user from the subtree process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  regression generation of generation .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  parse all loc operations used to support and return them .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  to   method

test:  return the location of the distribution with mask that would otherwise be used to create a somewhat or tab under array_like .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  return   accept
truth:  run   run

test:  set the entry in a computenode and normalize a set of computenode values .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  set   multivariate
truth:  creates   a

test:  clears any given node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  takes   callback
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  returns the non-workflow key for the current axes or none if no frame is specified .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  setup and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  find   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return synonyms commands to be run with numeric .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  grab   a

test:  get owner'] data should use for a particular type .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  download   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send mail mail in session .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  build   schedule
truth:  send   session

test:  return the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  register a new user form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  order   handle
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  run the default character .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  wrap   table

test:  helper to raise an error .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  to   a
truth:  set   set

test:  make sure the given path and a list of components are assigned .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   return

test:  read a regex from the given python pattern in its string .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   foo

test:  for each time .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  null   covariance
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a file into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  build a real server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  add   a

test:  queries a list of users by its nested expression .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a sorted list of name from further defined by name .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  stop a container from a docker container container container id cli example: .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  converts an entity to a dictionary using the given format .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  model   model

test:  api function that takes a user-defined api data cache and returns the results .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  download   download

test:  remove users from conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  turns code from a tuple into an integer .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the given api patch patch name patch into the given api patch returns {deleted: true} if api was attached {attached: does not attached to the trail was created .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  set   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get the text with some which a search lines in the file text .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  start an internal container from container container container container policy container policy name the list of failed to direct this function to the container .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  use   null
truth:  talk   null

test:  is this a character that will always have a default value .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the new upload contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  returns lines from source file .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  returns the count of iterable words .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  return   return
truth:  count   count

test:  only load if the gluster module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  this function is called to render functionality for google cloud storage key .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  function   django
truth:  to   helper

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return available answer objects .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns website .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  arguments are equal .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  translated   null
truth:  call   call

test:  ensure the model forest args doesnt load verification files when the model member .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  tests for :foo .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  fail   verifies
truth:  fail   null

test:  rebulk rebulk with rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  default   builder

test:  test that asserting a non-regression chart .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  test   error
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator that requires a counter_type of another modifier modifier api .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  null   decorator

test:  copy this python related pattern into a given target dict .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  null   return
truth:  match   a

test:  test if or not a small ip address .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  null   package
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  return predefined error messages for this machine .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  predefined   issue
truth:  predefined   return

test:  return an image name from the palette .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  get   pil

test:  returns a random random string .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse a quotation of items .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parse   information
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  add a pretty printer for a type specified by the type rather than the type rather than the type rather than the type specified by the type and their type
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  add   function
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is successful .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute x values between linear interpolation and y .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  returns a string representation of text for the given stream or its input .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  create a style style with imported documents into imported module name .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  create   null
truth:  loading   loading

test:  delete to delete a single resource class .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  to   delete

test:  adds any extra data from a site .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  adds   configuration
truth:  add   custom

test:  return html .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   cdata
truth:  escape   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries by adding memoryerror to kwargs .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  merge   a

test:  checks a dict of keys are non-empty yet .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  provides a filename for a given filename .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  provides   illumina
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that entry_points requirements are parseable .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a schema type in the trigger definition .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create an object from the vm .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check the value of a given category against the http header .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  list   a
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get_prosite_entry -> handle get a handle to a raw handle .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  queries time for pointertype code .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  time   vehicle
truth:  run   run

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  command   run
truth:  command   line

test:  iterate over child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the default filename .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a parents connection with the given http response .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  create   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper method to the possible credentials .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  set   function
truth:  get   get

test:  sets a colormap to the deprecated limit limit limit .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  runs the command line interface via main .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return the number of minimum tmux .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  run   count
truth:  return   return

test:  place any database and check for this providers .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   a

test:  return obj for given object .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  code   code

test:  list all available languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set default value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  attribute   serializer
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  parse a template html template element .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get all groups belonging to a cgsnapshot id .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and sample routines with auto ratio and sample routines .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  return the case that represents a group reference .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  return   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  return a rp deployment .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if template is jinja in the jinja attribute .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  template   return
truth:  loads   a

test:  returns the fully qualified url .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parse parse results out to export chars into parts .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  copy data from all deployment user_ids .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  copy   run
truth:  minify   +

test:  set up the associates instance .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create a list of snapshots specified by snapshots .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  rc4 decryption -- encode .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  display the outline dialog .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  display   get
truth:  analyze   a

test:  inject data from a bunch of a stats .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  implements   data
truth:  used   null

test:  return a string representing the jupyter and the jupyter version .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  return   check
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  make sure that a pecl user is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that when pip uninstall .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  put a sequence into the horizontal axis .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  put   null
truth:  stack   stack

test:  returns the pid of a process instance .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  regression test for normality ensures that we can remove nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup environ defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi purposes this adds various defaults for wsgi purposes parameters required for wsgi purposes shed this adds environ
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  setup   environ
truth:  update   environ

test:  m] arrays by certain repository ends .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a dict describing all consistencygroups .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  perform any .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  if a function fails .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  null   function
truth:  use   use

test:  tests that hugs nullable type successfully handles basic values .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  remove names .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  render   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  writeable a file and rename it to a directory .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  rename   stores
truth:  open   temporary

test:  load an object from file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  converts the python objects to a tree or a string representation .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  if   return
truth:  wrap   a

test:  wrapper for uninstalling .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parses the optparse options from all options docs for the specified instance .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  parses   in
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  build extra configuration for remote config .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  build   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  get a list of database names from xpath .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  get   return
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  wrapper function that initializes echo jobs .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   point
truth:  function   function

test:  load lines from a fits file and return a load line number .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  load   a
truth:  read   a

test:  set parsed config for the site for the given site .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  set   in
truth:  help   help

test:  verify a new curve version .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  discover   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  updating   test

test:  return the object compiled by an object .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  alternate shell file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   shell
truth:  outline   a

test:  plot the time summary .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  validate that the input array is in x .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  to   helper

test:  check if two strings strings are identical .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  compute the isfortran strength of a matrix .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   norm

test:  helper to find an element in a resource .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  to   a
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  escape markdown for django chars .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves an order order reduced differential equations with m1 coefficients using the first substitution .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  parses bson tree .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  given   null

test:  checks whether a filename is a system .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  use   null
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  helper method to delete the tabs listed in the course tree .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  null   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  extract module_content dict for '<head> message into a block .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  default view .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  default   null
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  utility function to make a parent version of a grammar .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse summary with threshold character expression .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  text   a
truth:  split   operator

test:  new new knowledge form .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return a status object .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  return   pause
truth:  return   return

test:  verify that the path is over remaining .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  verify   get
truth:  return   paths

test:  given a string attribute .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  expression_opt : expression .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   null
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  return a specific tenant cli examples: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gshared the linear threshold vectors in theano variables .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  add   updates
truth:  null   gradient

test:  software resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  return accept links to use in footer .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of vagrant products .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete table with clause where clause where clause where clause and setting where clause .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  delete   tables
truth:  deletes   null

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  portfolio order by specified value in cmake .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  place   place

test:  collect all installed files of tcl directories .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  collects   null
truth:  get   a

test:  test the column filtering .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   groups

test:  calculate the md5 hash of a file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  email email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   convenience
truth:  email   email

test:  gets the data for the specified calendar .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  test   app
truth:  run   run

test:  simple task .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   integer

test:  writable to access a resource - used by gis_style .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure the mission is available on the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  decode   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  return the keyword arguments .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  used for spherical integration .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  function   a
truth:  flag   flag

test:  set the root password to match the path to the root password fs for the user into a root password .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  obtain the device saved objects from a device .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  load   get
truth:  read   in

test:  loads a plugin plugin from kind .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  set   set

test:  only load on windows .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  work   works
truth:  load   load

test:  return chunk of filesystem snapshots to chunk .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  return   null
truth:  copy   contents

test:  label: set or get the alias of the item .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  html5 things that are currently used by a list of tuples .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  close   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  get the sailthru list of a new user created this system name of the sailthru server cookie cli example: .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  get   sailthru
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of all ldb .
truth: create the database . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return the pdf of an grayscale cholesky mode .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  return   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  raise an anonymous file path from the given path .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return a cls: object .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  decodes   var
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and force episodes .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  takes a libclouds name and returns it .
truth: if present . 
test:  processes   function
truth:  present   null

test:  returns the path to the relative port for a domain .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all deleted rows for each cursor from production tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  get   up
truth:  move   up

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  compute f in gf(p)[x] modulo a monic square-free polynomial over gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  load   polynomial
truth:  results   results

test:  list all currently configured organization .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  extract data from a model .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  is   a
truth:  express   a

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of seqs in a prefix .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get user info from user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  get   roles
truth:  returns   roles

test:  this method tries to determine if an instance given an event class .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  return   unpack
truth:  traverse   null

test:  get the locale data for the given slug .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   pretty

test:  mark an image client as loop on the given registry .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  returns a document if the given user can permission their permission .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  raises   frappe
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  wraps getter property and a klein-style name with the specified document .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a unicode user info .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  create   cookie
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the json response that matches the specified course .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   json

test:  return a list of active services cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  start   start

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  is   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  invoke a kb .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to generate sparse set of indices .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  return the name of a ~/ or a list; list; name .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  mangle   a

test:  creates and returns a file .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return tuple .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  compute   script
truth:  function   function

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the no axis of a tensor input along the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  decorator that mututally html characters so that it gets html: .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  function   implementation
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  yield   function
truth:  null   method

test:  hook to write tokens to a file; replace if you like .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  null   warnings
truth:  show   show

test:  returns a value .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the helptopic model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generic function for _get_systemd_os_release_var() .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the state of the task .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   state

test:  return the first element of the same name .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the temporary directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return whether or not the supplied module is found in the same name .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  the factory to start and run a theory modbus interface .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  search for a new numeric context .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  search   store
truth:  builds   null

test:  turn a k[x] polynomial into a dict .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  null   terms
truth:  add   add

test:  this function will be called from building the multiprocessing process when building the multiprocessing process .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  set a buffer .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   link
truth:  set   state

test:  find the node with line number v .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   representation
truth:  find   find

test:  display the user of created fieldname .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  default   return
truth:  display   display

test:  return a float to a number .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  return   a
truth:  round   a

test:  a decorator for connecting a method .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  checks   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  project add .
truth: new project form . 
test:  null   web
truth:  project   project

test:  wrapper around np .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  null   asserts
truth:  raise   null

test:  delete a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  assume each string in the series/index of the given pattern .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  if   return
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  download data to a response object .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  install a virtual revision .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  unpacks   install
truth:  install   install

test:  return the input as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  return   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  make dirname for each time you to use initialize dirname .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  make   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   a

test:  removes a list of users on the system .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  commit   configures
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial release section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  null   release
truth:  release   release

test:  yields a blob with the given bucket .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  adds a task to the queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return the km .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   distance

test:  strip the string from a filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test subunit output with undefined function .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   subunit
truth:  test   subunit

test:  remove the xml element from the pixel list .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a np .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  input   input

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  for working with retrying .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a valid expression with the given name .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  returns   input
truth:  tests   tests

test:  helper function to check valid api key and return whether a url is valid .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  if   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns an element to the given resource type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   resolver

test:  test cloning bundle b .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  testing   calling
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date according to the given date .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test coordinate validator .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   date

test:  check whether the given response is set and return it .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  check   sets
truth:  add   a

test:  returns a dict of parameters for printing the specified field .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  return   node
truth:  sign   sign

test:  extend to initialize state_changed signal .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  to   null

test:  this function uses the xml character back into a homogeneous xml .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  uses   undo
truth:  translate   translate

test:  see url .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  to   add
truth:  function   function

test:  scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   parse
truth:  scan   a

test:  do a database .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  callback   callback

test:  run tests tests for the tests .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  finds   edge
truth:  run   run

test:  element-wise logarithmic loss algorithm in both data .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  null   logarithmic
truth:  squared   mean

test:  given a course_key return a set of strings representing inline ids .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of unique values .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  create   a

test:  is deprecated .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  is   setup
truth:  null   handlers

test:  attempt to return whether socket is supported on this machine .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  group any cached id from the group .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  command   bench
truth:  bench   bench

test:  if the user is populated and a valid host .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   a

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  this module performs a flag given a module .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  declares   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  rtu count of a buffer .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  count   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  runs a command or a particular facts .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  runs   attempt
truth:  get   current

test:  return identity output .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  return   reload
truth:  return   return

test:  show the added api function .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   info

test:  generate a random string .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  null   a
truth:  remove   characters

test:  get a queue instance .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  get   return
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generate a single password according to the pbkdf2 hash algorithm .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  function   stop
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter tasks based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a django management date to the number of seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if a list of service is currently oauth request .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  register   register

test:  retrieves binary representation from binary map .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   function

test:  compute the 'invalidtailparameter' class from a sequence of flag .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  compute   inverse
truth:  get   get

test:  resolve a mode that may take an instance of jinja2 mode .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  map   map

test:  returns an ipv6 address contained in the interface .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  get disk image name from local file .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  copy   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  perform cone with non-aligned == 1 .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  perform   network
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes application with the name .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  delete   output
truth:  removes   null

test:  merge two dicts .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  combines   null

test:  create a module .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse usage string .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  obj   fixture
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write file interpretation .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  given a valid bem subject to a sequence of bem .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  given   size
truth:  scale   a

test:  check to see if a pool exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  check   a

test:  make sure the user can be used with kumascript and remove any file extension .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  make   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  returns information about the requested redirection returns a dictionary of information about the requested call available on the domain_name domain_name window .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return partial object for shape .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  return   object
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  a decorator that ensures an instance of a class .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  verifies that matplotlib matplotlib layout .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach a json userstory as json column to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  return a single basic graph with one or more than one of nodes .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  weighted   networkx
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set the posix context for the current request .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  serve   set
truth:  adds   null

test:  save properties from instances in instances system_metadata .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   properties
truth:  save   properties

test:  is the gradient argument for n-sized functions .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read a full command history history file .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  read   try
truth:  enable   readline

test:  convert a base16 encoded string to binary string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only run on netbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  run   set
truth:  work   work

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   null

test:  helper function to convert a string s to a python string .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pads   null

test:  toggle -> utf-8 .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  to   error
truth:  if   null

test:  stop everything .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stop   size
truth:  stops   current

test:  return an array for a scalar .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax checking: fail if a feature has more than one scenarios .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  check   testing
truth:  null   syntax

test:  returns the header dict updated with schemes .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  take   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the name of a valid language-code found in the path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return matrices .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  plots a linear rx/tx hist .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  workaround   histograms
truth:  plot   plot

test:  this test ensures the magic size for the axis layer which uses 0 and check that the main layer size of the input validation .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  is   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  swap data times as they are always present .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  iterator   images
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  null   function
truth:  format   a

test:  register a case to be ignored .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  register   test
truth:  upload   upload

test:  start an user to the local site .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  if   field
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a class that will create partial functions that generate commands on the current command .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reboot a computer computer file .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  checking   checks
truth:  determine   null

test:  run the multipart content structure .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  run   print
truth:  null   a

test:  generate text .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  text   null
truth:  function   function

test:  make sure that over order over the dependents property .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   d

test:  test cloning from vcs from vcs from vcs .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  cloning   test
truth:  checking   checking

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build the given string to build dataset spans inputs this method converts dates into a list of index spans dict .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  build   equivalent
truth:  extract   null

test:  function to parse a valid datetime .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  given   a

test:  validate that we are not set correctly .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  check if the pytree content types are the same as the pattern types which will match first .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  if   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  clean up resoruces .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  clean   up

test:  choose elements of an exponential dx .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  choose   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a user .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  deletes   a

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  if   a
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read the series from file and return as a 64-bit file handle describing the series header and places .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   lsm
truth:  read   read

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   null
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  configure flocker control service on a node .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   flocker
truth:  configure   configure

test:  the _connect .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  adds   integer
truth:  sort   sort

test:  returns a one that maps one of the given variables to a many datetimes .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  used around the index of the index of the default_log_levels .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return a list of available cache groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize path separater .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  prepend   null

test:  return user credentials using djangos redirect .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  return   a
truth:  query   query

test:  finds certain field in the collection .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  finds   references
truth:  restore   references

test:  for image backends - is not required for gui backends - show() is the last line of a pylab python script and tells that thread can be deleted and set
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  creates   show
truth:  show   show

test:  checks if a variable is a shared tag .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column names on table columns when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  returns true if sgemv declaration .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the relative sign of the corner corner and shift the same type .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  return   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  set the logging level for all the messages on the logging log messages .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  set   configure
truth:  use   use

test:  returns the name of a bup mode args: name : name of the storage value .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  returns   transform
truth:  name   name

test:  convert a content-type from a base64-encoded document .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  input   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that "checkerboard" information raises a screenshot file with a readable args .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   screenshot
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  retrieve the previously registered stub stub for logging .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  open a string for middle .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  indicates   a
truth:  select   null

test:  internal function to resolve facebook graph and returns a new set of oauth notification .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  function   null
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test kivy routine to kivy .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  github   github

test:  ensure that the specified handler is present on a python ndarray .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  copy against files to a localizable location and write to files .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  null   entry

test:  sets the commandsif commands to stderr .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  null   jacobian
truth:  error   error

test:  database sets the database query results when appropriate number of objects are created .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test the built-in servererror error .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse an alignment file and return an multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  take a slice into a slice instance .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  take   validate
truth:  null   null

test:  regression test for a module .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  restful crud controller - used for map popups @deprecated - used for people by their tabs .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  null   events
truth:  training   events

test:  name: -> struct_time .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm size from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   lsm
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a postfix log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  test for get word from java' file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test tight_layout for image .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named service cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  set   set

test:  view function to raise a next resource and other information about the resource ha or other notification to be sent .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  support   rm

test:  check that a container is an html deployment instance .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  set continue channel .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  click   callback
truth:  select   null

test:  set the vod response object from the application or usernames .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  pad a number of human-readable pairs for some time .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  pad   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  takes a string and returns the corresponding python datetime .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  string   string

test:  deletes continueos cache .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  summarize traffic traffic server for translation .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  array   matrix
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  call calls x .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  do   generator
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns the disk size of a disk image .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  return a function prototype for each token in name .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  test if a x is numeric .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  if   test
truth:  null   numpy

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as a decorator .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  produce formstyle for a single id .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  write write component to a network .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   component

test:  process the mathjax script for the user from a string .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing a freeze freeze .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of events dictionary into the provided events .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  return   a
truth:  shift   shift

test:  update the link to delete this resource url .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  inserts   link
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return an iterator over trying to a fixed symbol .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  return   in
truth:  null   generator

test:  callback for showing an event loop .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  null   print
truth:  print   event

test:  context manager that saves the buffer in the current deployment output .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  context   returns
truth:  used   null

test:  set the default user set and effective user .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  set   return
truth:  process   process

test:  compute spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   cylinder
truth:  compute   compute

test:  converts a string containing a boolean or raise .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  save all param in save .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  iterate   run
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  decode a string encoded alphabet string into the number arguments: - alphabet to use for encoding .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decodes   return
truth:  decode   a

test:  purge the environment for a particular plot .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a qicon .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a queryset .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   users
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get information for the specified role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   information
truth:  get   a

test:  if the workflow section is defined .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the running string tk version with all running services example: .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  read subdirectories under a given filename .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  content   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a csv to use in a particular statement .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  access   iterator
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  create a link for a file like a directory .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate n permutations of a matrix of matrices .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test service_schema from various representations .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  test   hash
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously review review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  asynchronously log files .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  error   compat
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the given attachment item .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  import a lexer and lexers .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  import   step
truth:  load   a

test:  parse the options line and return the arguments .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   parse

test:  configure a disk ip in an api config .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  translate   rest

test:  creates a bucket from s3 bucket .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  creates   delete
truth:  to   function

test:  get the specified suffix for a given question .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  defines   authentication
truth:  ask   user

test:  checks whether number is a string .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  simple wrapper around timezone .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   returns
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return an alert instance .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  return   set
truth:  null   alert

test:  v_1 * param is .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  null   sign
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  get a file and kwargs from a sequence of dicts .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  get   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to strip a markdown format back to strip format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  a simple tasks .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test whether or not expr is a sympy expressions .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  test   boolean
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  test the gpu pooling functions with python objects .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  compute   test
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure that the current module that should be implemented at the current module .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  makes   inverse
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the vector[i] random items in the same hue size .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  create a property; unordered object given a statements and generate a set of biopython objects .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  given   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  copy info about an account .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  copy   get
truth:  get   info

test:  decorator for marking a function or method abstract card func .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the list of tensorflow image names .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  enqueue events for event created via http events .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  are   user
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add watching a document to a document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  save the config item .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   state

test:  convert a number in bytes to a unit string .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  bytes   disk
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  create a test feed .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  create   create
truth:  run   run

test:  send a bunch of messages on a push socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  null   a
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  page -> page name for hub .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get last downloadable list for the specified repository .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decodes a unicode string to unicode .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  decodes   unicode
truth:  convert   s3

test:  example: when i run the last command output .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  returns a string from a file .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test that the value of the qtable info regression is added to a value .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  existing   replace

test:  get typical data for ]month date .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   dict

test:  send the openid response for a given openid response .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  extract   tool
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that named scenario lines are he than params .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  converts internal representation to unicode .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  forces   converts
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  return the version string from a pre-release .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  for a function call with a different functions .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  func   func

test:  read eeg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  this test already exist .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  fix   a
truth:  test   test

test:  reads the provided number of ip addresses from specified hostname .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  if   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create an rpc script for a given rpc .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  create   service
truth:  access   access

test:  gets the name of the group index for a group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  null   deviation
truth:  null   exponential

test:  return an event directory where dirname is available .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller should be used for adding/editing log .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  perform a matrix where an open decomposition of a matrix .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  perform   call
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the latest version of the current thread .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return a new cert session dict .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  compute the l2 l2 basis for a polynomial .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  projects   projects

test:  convert ipv4 address to text .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get the absolute area of a loop .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the tool has a database has instance_profile_name plugins .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the unittest option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test whether cart is enabled for the wrapperfunctionthatdoestheenforcementthat\ntheshoppingcartfeatureisenabled\n'if feature .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  is   a

test:  return an order of code .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove all internal nodes related to the oauth2 .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  cutting   source
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a generalized operator with the specified shape should be a function .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  give   null

test:  return a new instance .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  null   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or more items from a queue return a quantity cli example: .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   one
truth:  pop   one

test:  adds an arbitrary image to a workflow .
truth: input data . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  input   data

test:  extra arguments in segment_info mode .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test installing from a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return the gpg functions for the current machine .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a single integral call to one typepairobj rendering a function .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   call
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  check for hg .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  encoded   ssh
truth:  format   a

test:  a view that has a custom view .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  view   return
truth:  null   a

test:  return a dump for use in sys .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  potential -> 8bit test of a system .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   energy

test:  converts to a non-nested object .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the iban variance of a iban one .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab the lock on job:table_sizes and call runonce .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  scan a dict with xml xml items from the database .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  scan   return
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the third axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   wrapper
truth:  prints   a

test:  decorator which mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  registers a named entry from the result as defined by the result .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  evaluates   a
truth:  get   values

test:  return a list of class names from all the proper class .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  make   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  returns a list of location directories .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  default   default

test:  return a database password .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  return   log
truth:  if   null

test:  list the vms name of a vm .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  list   check
truth:  query   query

test:  start the specified service .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  null   start
truth:  start   start

test:  test that a valid auth key is weights .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  if   key
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : postfix_expression unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  returns the list of configuration values .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  (/) a temporary file .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the value of a salt external needs to be used .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   null

test:  sets data in clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  sets   data
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  return a list of .
truth: check slug . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   slug

test:  performs any string in python 2 .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  performs   return
truth:  search   search

test:  returns the project name of the slug .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  project   project

test:  compute a migration level for the given migration .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  compute   attempt
truth:  finds   null

test:  parse a hash digest list into a single location .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  replace the "account edit distance between fks and replace how many parent .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  the last modified date .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  null   get
truth:  guess   guess

test:  get the '`obj`isnota object for the specified object .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  get   obj
truth:  returns   returns

test:  teardown cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  unsubscribe   module
truth:  null   rest

test:  makes increasing structure with virtual values from the decreasing trace .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  increasing   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  get a list of users on a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the android handler where the android context .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  null   media
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of available events .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  return   shows
truth:  null   page

test:  measure of the asymmetry of a random expression .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the statement[ value .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the filter in reverse to the given data .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  mean   mean

test:  return info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  return   information
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parse a version string into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  verify the entrance exam of an entrance exam .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  make   null
truth:  grabs   null

test:  do the original test that sub-expressions gets set subclasses to a class with a trailing item & always implicitly .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  look up fields in xml .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  match   null
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  like   objattr
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get the vector3 path .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the indptr field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the unary operator is a unary .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute trace corner measure response image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   number
truth:  compute   harris

test:  get a list of pairs from the given name .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  set the dns response which will match the specified response .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  makes   returns
truth:  make   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  add a broadcast' loop .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  find package in the given package using astropy .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  find   find
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  test   -
truth:  -   -

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  check if a package is running this machine .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  ip   ip

test:  create a single ip from the saving which will be created cli example: .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test installing to a requirements url po file for workflowsteps .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  itemstatus filtered by current user .
truth: location view . 
test:  filtered   view
truth:  view   view

test:  sends an dry login to login in categories .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  copied   null

test:  test salt-bootstrap command outputs an u'ps-ef command .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  extract   entries
truth:  replace   replace

test:  load a ucsc dir .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  load   get
truth:  read   a

test:  from a list of l in dictionary fit_generator to left-strip .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  return   a
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   a
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder function .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   sphere
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  show usage information .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  show   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  raises an exception if a valid version is not supported or not .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  specify   a

test:  rolls savepoint .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  limit   null
truth:  null   variant

test:  helper function to save out for a users usage .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  function   a
truth:  set   set

test:  if a topic forum forum is not allowed .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  locked   a

test:  return full path to name .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  open sys .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  open   statsmodels
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate volume types from specific qos specs for specified qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  add a function .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the extension for a given filename .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  removes redundant /s and rectreeview .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  removes   whitespace
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: 'goals' builds 'goals' applications to complete on another build steps instead of waiting for a build to complete .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   download
truth:  null   null

test:  same as a controller .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  null   events
truth:  modified   version

test:  restore other plugin to cmdmod .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restore   prefix
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  find the posted fields in a status expression .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  return   return

test:  cast basestring or a string to an integer .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   conversion

test:  test for polar functions .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  generate   issue
truth:  check   check

test:  return the python version .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  return   test
truth:  add   add

test:  returns true if *obj* is a sequence of strings .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enumerator_list : lbrace comma argument_expression_list comma declarator initializer_list comma rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the html generated problem to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   student

test:  given a set of zfs components .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 3-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  signature that checks support are invalid markers .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  support   current
truth:  function   function

test:  determine boxcox for plot distribution parameters plot : array-like the max value of plot .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  filtering   x
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  fit a simple stats based on the cell topology the cell to the lists .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  estimate   null
truth:  fit   fit

test:  regression test for url this test on where cook fails .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  linux should run completion .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  default   null
truth:  passing   null

test:  return the time of weeks in weeks of weeks .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  return   system
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  sets the scratch to match the specified exception .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  find the requested normalized header by given request and return a set of http header names .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  processes   parses
truth:  if   null

test:  a helper function for trend .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  compare   elements

test:  adds a url to url .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  add   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  check if there are a set of assertion information .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   try

test:  extend the last override time to update this object .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify weights over the weights .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  returns   fixture
truth:  classify   null

test:  the 3 appying function of order m functions .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore all tables in the database .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  modifies   null

test:  returns synonyms files from given dir .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  get a new collection of two users in collection .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  upper modifier root-mean-square for overwritten: extracted from a sample_metadata .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  null   name
truth:  attach   a

test:  converts an entity protobuf to a protocol for use in a protocol .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  decorator for reduction functions that should be a default extension .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  attempt   httpd
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  write text input to openshift .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  titlified   null
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a list is iterable and iterable .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  test that a statusbar is found .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  make   null

test:  expose the default headers .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  null   default
truth:  default   default

test:  option is a nominal method for dialled after_changeset_revision command .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  is   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  run tests using the demos .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  testing   reading
truth:  files   files

test:  template rendering .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  null   route
truth:  format   format

test:  get the logger in the db .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  get   logger
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  command : 'func' variable equals expr .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  null   command
truth:  command   command

test:  creates a list of tuples into required by calling a new list of their default values .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  creates   channel
truth:  returns   a

test:  return logged_in_users information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  return the argument size .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  counts   format
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns sampling and sample of data view function parameters x : model object that results from the current layer to print things differently in the data output of the given
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  return f polynomial of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  return   return
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  return current transaction .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the specified output has at least one argument line .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   findbugs
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  detect edges get a set of edges that are logged based on its children .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  null   return
truth:  perform   a

test:  a vowel of losing characters .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  null   names
truth:  returns   returns

test:  with a dummy snapshot that can create the csv to csv .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  null   show
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a path from the specified library instance .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds and returns a version string for a particular app .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  builds   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default props[u'lineoffset'] pattern matches the input props[u'lineoffset'] .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  dummy resource type .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  null   get
truth:  to   hook

test:  renames expressions in expressions with expressions .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  string   returns
truth:  split   expression

test:  if he is not part of an email address .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  check   null
truth:  password   password

test:  serial override names from 180 document .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  null   timestamp
truth:  override   override

test:  return the product for product in all the parent products for product in substring package .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  return the cache if the backend is enabled .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  return   mode
truth:  is   null

test:  return a dict containing key -> [] the file .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a qicon json object json output json .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  return   value
truth:  return   return

test:  encode the given tag and return the bytes .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  return   encode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to check modules with llvm code given its path .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  check   a
truth:  given   a

test:  build and return a specified absolute path using fcgi .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  build   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return a list of acl acl names from a acl object .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of all resources for the project .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  array   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  return description of feed magic name .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   bytes
truth:  return   a

test:  the mandatory cobbler module parameters inlow : array-like returns inlow : float .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  null   size
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: gitlab-merge-request upload files to the build steps requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:robot version .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute ma distance between surface and surf coordinates .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   surface

test:  an application that displays the thread from the request .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  null   return
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   decorator
truth:  log   a

test:  check that this function accepts tests from code2-1 or not .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  test   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update a mailchimp user .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  update   a
truth:  given   null

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   tags

test:  check if an image is type with a file system .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  group items based on backend auth type to the backend auth .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  null   items
truth:  null   items

test:  internal function to return an annotation dataframe from locale .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the connection to the current connection .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a dictionary mapping for a task .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the xblocks callback for the current thread and a users invoice .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  build the dnf backend for the given backend .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  build   dictionary
truth:  convert   a

test:  element-wise row of a row .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  if pprint is base? successfully in function runs it through all arguments .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  null   pprint
truth:  base   pprint

test:  convert a scalar errors to timedelta .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  detect if a bluetooth is set on a linecollection .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  require a smartos package .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  install   a
truth:  require   null

test:  return an open file with registry status information for each established .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  null   return
truth:  files   files

test:  get the geometry directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a lazy test for a given target .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  creates   reset
truth:  test   test

test:  helper for checking if a uri given a uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the subgraph components of g .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  connected   generate

test:  return a list of templates .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  sample from a probability distribution .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve all defaults for specified quota class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  convert a list of strings into a dict .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  function   function

test:  function that measures the target loss between the two floats and the output: see :class:~torch .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_photo service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  transform   attribute
truth:  called   null

test:  for a particular migration .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  minify   int
truth:  null   migration

test:  check a logger during the given effects .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  adds   up
truth:  returns   logger

test:  create a new email using djangos email .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  start   null
truth:  add   add

test:  return the message wrapped by the interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  return mean of an array .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   x

test:  decorator for functions that instantiates access to the sgroup .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  function   decorator

test:  generates the complete complete graph from a random integer graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read a file and return its contents .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  migrate segment credentials with layer credentials .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  perform   send
truth:  migrate   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  surrounding   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  adds a pool to the specified pool on the specified pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   a

test:  stop workers are no workers .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  if   check

test:  check if a given link is a link to names .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  if   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  an infinite python object .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  file   record
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  pprint for tristar pprint .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   pprint

test:  queries with #1760 go through a query .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with specified serie .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  portfolio events created when yet is started .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  email   events
truth:  null   null

test:  replaces a vm vm .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  convenience function to get the primary cloned implementation .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  clones   a

test:  raise an error if operation is not available in a syntax component .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  error   error
truth:  to   method

test:  strips an html fragment from a alphabetical html string .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  disarmed   a
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  call this function in github api .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  return   list
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser -- an optparse parser -- optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   helper
truth:  update   resource

test:  the gunicorn_django command line runner for launching django app .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  null   gunicorn_django
truth:  null   null

test:  c['stencil check window with in-memory models .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  setup   set
truth:  set   gl

test:  assign his to update on post model .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  puts   signal
truth:  to   null

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  null   deployments
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that no position can be compared to a unit .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  get   test
truth:  check   check

test:  call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and without transaction .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  calls   returns
truth:  call   call

test:  check if path is executable and should be ignored .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  marks a test as being exempt from the maintenance context .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  sets   return
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  group a group message message message .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  skip decorator .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the vertical module from the chapters .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  used to make sure that line is set to between 0 .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   null

test:  if were running tests for bok-choy tests .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  if   method
truth:  provides   null

test:  verifies that a directory with this directory does not exist .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check if the specified service is available on the system .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a evaluated value .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the correct error from jinja error output .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that a sequence of environment variables for running pyinstaller at that vars supports running .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  iterates   env
truth:  if   check

test:  compute source code at the vectors .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  source   copies
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse a sequence of entity names into a list of entity names .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  decodes   parse
truth:  takes   a

test:  make_identity_dict function used to set the multiprocessing process .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  function   import
truth:  save   a

test:  return the uptime class for a given number of days .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  clean up html tags .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  clean   version
truth:  leading   remove

test:  save image to disk with the specified filename .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  using   null
truth:  save   a

test:  test purging user using the another user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  purging   test
truth:  purging   test

test:  return a list of lists for a show id .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   list
truth:  given   a

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  creates a thumbnail versions from an asset file .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  parses ranges defined in menu .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  convert   read
truth:  named   read

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  retrieve the latest release tag for specified tag .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a logrotate script from a specified application on the current application .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  lookup all entities in name .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  dictionary   server
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  find rank and return appropriate rank for more elements .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  find   a
truth:  search   search

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  add the given attributes to the underlying attributes representation of a function .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  add   fetch
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only for macos with timezonemodulecouldnotbeloaded darwin .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  null   work
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons or required reviewer .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  convert unit size to two-dimensional .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   console
truth:  convert   font

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   breakpoint
truth:  find   find

test:  creates a new wsgi value .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of all user groups .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  creates a guestbook key for a guestbook entity with name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  main method for the test suite .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image id from image and three letter id .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  returns   image

test:  read the binary data from the file .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   a

test:  a helper method used as an nodes .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  search   search

test:  convenience fixture to run a task and clear any action .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the new contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  a decorator to add a single property property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_method @monkeypatch_method pass .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return path to the iterable from iterable .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  return   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  modules home page .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   crud

test:  add plugins to the menu menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   plugins

test:  returns the most recent objects for an object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this generator uses open algorithm to avoid mocking prefixes from a sequence of possible targets .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  null   reader
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the application object or the exponent notification for the application context .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  set eeg function for eeg memory at a set of files .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  set   matrix
truth:  create   create

test:  transforms generating coordinates in polygon and little-endian old rotation matrix .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  transforms   coordinates
truth:  given   a

test:  return data .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  extract valid numeric name/module here sensors .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  extract   attempt
truth:  extract   null

test:  set result[state wrapper around 1 .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  provides the raw urlencoded processor .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  uses   processes
truth:  accept   accept

test:  return the external estimators data for a list of visits' person .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dict with custom app for a user .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a legacy transform of the given numpy arrays in legacy printing the legacy date .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  dump a single random paragraphs .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  logs   function
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  enable the entity cache of an entity and returns the entity .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  clear   return
truth:  enable   enable

test:  convert a specified path to its character .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  modified   null
truth:  layout   layout

test:  create a character property cibfile name/path of a property cibfile use cibfile name/path of the property command line for the live class .
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  set   set

test:  sync an email address for email address .
truth: keep user . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  keep   user

test:  create 405 response .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the file path .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the specified account document for the specified account .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   return
truth:  account   account

test:  return a network device nodes with only the protocols table .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the configured pillar options .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to format urlpattern .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  to   function
truth:  given   null

test:  find the dll instance for a given library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  find   find
truth:  to   null

test:  it should install and there is an old if there is a hard package .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  if   null
truth:  does   null

test:  return path separator .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate and save the dayelse contributor counts .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  parse the given language code for a string .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  return   language

test:  setup the swiss hydrological sensor .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  iterates over commands from the open_or_closes mode .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  run   callback
truth:  list   list

test:  return true if text is a host domain name .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  simply filter filters with role based access policy string items with role controls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  filter   api
truth:  filtered   null

test:  converts octal file into the octal database .
truth: using os . 
test:  null   a
truth:  using   os

test:  initialise a module for a type that matches the code for a given library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  does   a
truth:  support   support

test:  returns valid intent or ipv6 .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  construct a list of tuples .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  construct   formats
truth:  return   a

test:  return the cookie response .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  sets   a

test:  return the first 106 class this function is a python 106 operation .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  extract   null

test:  remove the latest sample from a new sample name .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  filters   filters

test:  return the json representation of a json object to a json representation .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  return   encode
truth:  null   method

test:  return a set of supported host .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   keyword

test:  list the local files from the given package .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  list   find
truth:  list   list

test:  destroy the floating ip addresses .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  deallocate   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  return the index of slices numbers to 1 .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  index   fnc
truth:  array   array

test:  return the url for the current thread .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  return   linear
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  get the dirty targets in the same way .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  get   return
truth:  find   find

test:  a custom types .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  source   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns a list of paths into a list of the tuples .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns true if the object has allowed to the given course wiki " .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a file path to a directory path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   path
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup demo switches .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return last downloadable list of changesets for the specified repository .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a simple bootstrap tree .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get all instances of an instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  get   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  returns true or false depending on the boolean values passed in the boolean cache .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  takes   number

test:  *true* *true* .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an oauth clientsecrets clientsecrets from an oauth filename .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a python tag where the iterator is an xml tag .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  return   data
truth:  determine   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  decodes a file packet .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  merge model from a dask array of dask clauses into a new dask function called by inserting arrays .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  null   entity
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  calculates the upper robust measure from a binary array at time series for use in the magic way .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  a qualified entered uses lock for the lock hann .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  return   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   concatenation
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a list of related revision .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  check if a report in the list of files currently being used .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  tests   tests

test:  run a network port and store a dict of sockets port .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get total seconds in a timedelta object .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  resource handler for serie .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  makes   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  check that the given args works properly handled by calling - called in a valid python data .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  like   like

test:  creates a new api service .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  wrap pending console info in tables .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  pending   lists
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  partial helper function to copy container fields against an ssh container .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  handles   handles

test:  get the message from the extended encode .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  get   return
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  checks to see if the file is in the passed directory .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   checks

test:  add migrations in postgresql .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  perform   columns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find elements in a sequence or .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  find   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if there is a arise technique prototype for supervisord .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   injection
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns: an absolute path for the given path .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  combines   null

test:  return the push usage information associated with a given course .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   course

test:  negate polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  compute   compute

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   work
truth:  confine   null

test:  convert a output to a output file object .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  set   set

test:  decorator that converts a function into a single variable magic .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  is   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  open all or specified cover cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  unpacks   close
truth:  open   open

test:  return the named container path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  send   null
truth:  returns   information

test:  return the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  rolls   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  returns the executable file with the given name and args are created .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  manage   null

test:  returns true if the graph g is strongly distance from strongly graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a nt bits .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install or upgrade packages .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   python

test:  find instance_type to compute flavor swap the flavor .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  swap   a
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  return a list of related models for all related models .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   up
truth:  return   return

test:  format the exit task key as a unicode task key .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  encode   optional

test:  return the authorized users dashboard activity stream .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  return   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  ftensor ftensor bar test that the axis is protected a list of arrays .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get numa topology for the object .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  read   serializer
truth:  extract   null

test:  return the day .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  validates   validates

test:  do nothing data .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  do   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function which returns none .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure there are absent on the computenode key : boolean toggle render embedded registry key : boolean toggle toggle :func:theano : boolean toggle * surlus embedded registry or failure if
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  check if location is published for the revision version for location .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  if   attempts
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  return timeline for attendance of standard projects .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   sys
truth:  return   timeline

test:  makes sure keys are present in the cache key is present .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  to   check

test:  check all available ports on the system .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate search results in the video search query .
truth: return query string . 
test:  obtain   function
truth:  query   query

test:  parse a cookie .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   lists
truth:  parse   a

test:  check whether or not options have a valid options .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  parse   argv

test:  wait until an operation should be executed .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  fires   a

test:  helper function to print index of a course info .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  function   method
truth:  prints   prints

test:  convert vocabulary into input .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  locates   way
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   os
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   max

test:  creates a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   c*x**i
truth:  subtract   null

test:  turns a single sysctl device running the system cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   null

test:  runs the right range string .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  performs   maps
truth:  maps   maps

test:  attempt to remove an index .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  to   null
truth:  clear   a

test:  get the points with half of the points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine the user profile .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  null   case

test:  restful crud atom and sets the same behavior .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  default   readpreferencetags
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and monitor a specific monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a triangle matrix with affine images into a new rational rational array .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  converts   images
truth:  null   null

test:  return a line number of the line number support .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  the restful handler for entrance exam score .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  context manager that acquires a file and execute it .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   a

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute connectivity for a positive integer .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   label
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  convert all tests into python dictionary .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  find   find

test:  if a config location appears to the given key .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  path}}wasnotfoundonthisserver 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  template   default
truth:  default   default

test:  return diff between vectors inside angle and u .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert to either endsep or byte string from single bytestring .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return true if l is iterable .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  get the preface file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets credentials from admin lines in format from the admin password file .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  gets   open
truth:  get   consul

test:  delete the user access record .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  destroys   null

test:  context manager to capture matrix objects .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   matrix

test:  retrieve the configured flickr .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  retrieve   value
truth:  get   photo

test:  return a string for a entities in a course .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  return   a
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  queues an email .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   queues
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd of a matrix .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  targets classification score .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  null   classification
truth:  null   similarity

test:  return a string with authentication components .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  to   get
truth:  given   a

test:  checks that comment parameter is valid .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  if   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  receive the value of an email for a given topic .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  parse   queues
truth:  runs   runs

test:  match ?$' if a line is a local location this is meant in config file .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  match   return
truth:  turns   a

test:  train data using training .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  toggle   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of wildcards] from split_libraries .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  return an httpexception .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  evaluates doing rho rho in a normal distribution .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise invalidgitrepositoryerror if not found .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  retrieve   convert
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  check if obj is cuda .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  test   return
truth:  null   cuda

test:  appends a registered subplot list of subplot and all estimated activation .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  warning   null
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return information about the named virtual machine cli example: .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  is user allowed to change owner or group of article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   user
truth:  is   user

test:  convert pci device name to pci long .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  get   get

test:  modify hash function which will be running on the given url .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  rate   a
truth:  existing   null

test:  return a wrapper function that should return a list of function names .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  function   serialize
truth:  null   human

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is missing .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  null   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize the http process .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  run   update
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete an status response from a json response .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  merges   mock
truth:  attempt   a

test:  adds a model_class to an object .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  looks for a certain connection value .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  lists   groups
truth:  find   find

test:  check for new instance state .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a user liked string for a specific user .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  given a string to see if it rst failed .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  resolve   host
truth:  host   host

test:  fixture providing a helper .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  create   create

test:  migration email attachments and enqueue attachments .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  email   notification
truth:  calls   a

test:  wrap a call to an iterable with the given name .
truth: version of node . 
test:  like   a
truth:  null   version

test:  replace useful in hug event loop with their ids .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a tokenized volume_type queries with @m features .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  index   index

test:  create a cert to the specified key .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  render the view that maps all the main view into a dict of app instances that maps to .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  render   returns
truth:  view   view

test:  redisplay image row by given number of image expressions so description is description because the second column was added by the second color is false .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  null   image
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  set the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  selected   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write a file with the contents of a file .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  write   cache
truth:  checks   checks

test:  generate transcripts from the appropriate calendar component .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  convert   data

test:  assert that calculate_changes returns true if instance of instance b on enzyme .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  assert   check
truth:  check   check

test:  convert bytes to a bytes object .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  build   build

test:  reshape a sequence of elements .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  null   sequence

test:  sorts the given list of errors in order .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  sorts   null
truth:  errors   errors

test:  creates a shape between multicast covariance matrix .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  find   find

test:  builds a table with the right action .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  decorate   results
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find union in the union of a set of possible nodes .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  find   find
truth:  to   helper

test:  return data from a base64-encoded file parameters data : array_like the read learning module object to read module data .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check the score .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  check   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  trueassert -> object where all values are equal .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  if   assert
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the categorical expression of cross-entropy of two sequences .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  null   crossentropy
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  validate that a device and a partition are valid and a partition that require and a partition are valid and a partition lead lead to be used when used .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generic t-confint to save typing .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  null   confidence
truth:  null   generic

test:  guarantee that the application is built .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  resolves   returns
truth:  error   error

test:  numerically weights of squares .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  return user information about our current site .
truth: adds site . 
test:  return   a
truth:  adds   site

test:  helper to find the np/scipy similar to a file .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  to   average
truth:  null   product

test:  forced b85 between two markdown-extra .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  return a saturday for a given image .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns list with items of items .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  list   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by old replaced by old replaced with a new string .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  install the command-line tool .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  install   install
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return netstat routing information for volumes mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   netstat

test:  returns the board api page classes for the request and /dev " .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  yield   null

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  this function is called to enable the permissions that was done within the given profiling .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  function   assume
truth:  context   manager

test:  creates a protobuf protobuf to a source .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  creates   source
truth:  index   index

test:  filter version of big elements in directory parameters version : ndarray the callback name of august : str or array_like identifier prefix and and add notes vectorwrite this only those
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build the filesystem data from device .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  build   filesystem
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update a basic basic auth or sets a basic auth service .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  update   install
truth:  set   set

test:  allow the arguments to be run once into a list of args .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  define the devices in the current accepted release with a given arguments .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  creates   check
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  return a return a module to load tests in the package .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  return   null
truth:  discover   discover

test:  skip a test decorator .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  create   null
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return nice vote or tab based on example or tab .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   return
truth:  string   string

test:  make sure the process with the given process .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  a signal handler for the given stream .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  signal   verbose
truth:  get   a

test:  return the correct log of a b-spline function .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  return   correct
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the command line for the given arguments and their options .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a public filename to the dictionary .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  add   a

test:  create a resource for the specified resource .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  this endpoint shows the courses sorted by the html page .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  display   display
truth:  show   show

test:  return the python codec name .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  convert drange to the doctors delta as follows: :) in seconds .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure a file exists .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  make   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve a directory to be imported for the current pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string to unicode string .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  test relative sparktext .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  take an iso format type type type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  take   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create some port returns a port returns none .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if an object points to the same memory address than other than other ascii characters .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a string containing currency arguments passed in currency .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   decimal

test:  verifies that the specified signal is absent name the name of the state to remove signal from the signal to set a make sure that should be performed from the
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  signal   user
truth:  ensures   null

test:  perform the full suite of a matrix .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  perform   sample
truth:  validate   validate

test:  reads the contents of the given file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  reads   output
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  call user with an verification or web request .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  sends   certificate
truth:  view   view

test:  decorator for marking eval-context dependent filters .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  save   batch
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a list of files matching a file .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  deletes a certificate from a certificate file .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  function   git
truth:  return   return

test:  add color debugging .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  color   warning
truth:  prints   prints

test:  compute the maximum range of a multivariate polynomial in the passed 1-d array .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a subclass instance from the database .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  extract an ast key from a dictionary .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  extract   updates
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find area of rectangles over what area are blank .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  find   return
truth:  find   a

test:  return a mock image with the given filename .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for demo .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  run this test if *name* is not implemented .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   output
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  return true if version >= *cmp_version_str* .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  check   version

test:  this function converts an ]tz .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  display the shortest output from the subprocess .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  display   output
truth:  modified   display

test:  checks if a is in first .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  multiply dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  check for users .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  check   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a valid properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   vpc
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches all threads of the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  verify x that we also print a class with this tries to extract the part of a query .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  create   support
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator for reduction api handlers .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  initialize a package name .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  null   init_args
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a catalog response that can be used by the create and writes it to a catalog .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check that the port is available .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  unpause   check_output
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  simple robust covariance matrix for testing parameters results : ndarray .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  null   cluster

test:  return true if mode is from a fifo .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  clean   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the argument that match the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  returns   searches
truth:  matches   matches

test:  return the email redirect wants to present email after our status has d[key] .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  query   query

test:  volunteer type: controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   resource

test:  colorize warnings .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  fail   http
truth:  warning   warning

test:  helper method to format users in a folder .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  data['artists'][ <album> -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the default sr and relevant for a given parent .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns a list of files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create an case property with the given name and flags .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  push a course channels to be sent .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  registers   send
truth:  sends   a

test:  egg all the flocker files .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  null   null
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  the most group details for a group with requested email address .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  get the ip addresses from an available world .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  controller to obtain out of a search document .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  document   document

test:  return a list of available users cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if python file matches a directory .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  if   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  decode an addresses if one is missing .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  existing   args
truth:  build   build

test:  called at the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  check if two numbers of a .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  returns a list of non-zero elements of the array forms .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a finder session accepts locations .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of the names of all roles in the group .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   frappe
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve the string id from a group .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  convert   one

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  takes a string and returns a separate interface .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  show   show

test:  enable the database .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return a tuple of terms .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  return   format
truth:  remove   remove

test:  script can be embedded in a list of accepted script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add a notebook to the notebook cell cell .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  add   worksheet
truth:  writes   null

test:  performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a raw abundance otu matrix .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   metagenomeseqs
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  checking the expr has been rewritten using f -> -f(x) arg : -x .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checking   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  generate a release release commit .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  return   schedule
truth:  specified   tag

test:  a shortcut for creating and return the travelled serialization .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates the provided resource views on an resource or a default resource .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the analyze plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   return
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  fetch indexes and async created with application .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  fetch   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return current theme .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of arrays along any empty level .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   python

test:  test the mixin table validation function .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  test   junit
truth:  test   test

test:  format a string like sql statement and raise valueerror if there is a valid one .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  format   validates
truth:  if   checks

test:  a decorator to cause a method to be recorded .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a package to an internal model .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a value to a dictionary of strings .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  substitute   values

test:  a view that returns an event .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  dictionary   elements
truth:  noop   noop

test:  take a list of args .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  default   null
truth:  takes   args

test:  get all logging logging flags .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  list   drops
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get analyze plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  analyze   skeinforge
truth:  get   meta

test:  run parameters in a non-nan parameter pool .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  default   name
truth:  function   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_linelength works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  apply link in the environment variables .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  link   get
truth:  function   function

test:  check if the object is scheduled .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  if   resume
truth:  resume   resume

test:  parses a requestspec token dict .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  string   string

test:  returns a row specified vector with the specified level .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  searches for executable in the standard executable and returns an absolute path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  searches   try
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  a decorator for functions .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  use   use

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   linodes

test:  rebuild a case of expectation back to the n_jobs assembly .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  model   null
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  the restful handler for the input source files .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  validates that the column fields are button .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a line to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  runs a check and check if it is matplotlib .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  skips   a

test:  flip the app_label and points of the function plaintext .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  index   features
truth:  order   order

test:  list all libraries available for the desired library .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   attempt
truth:  list   list

test:  like |safe but for strings with ascii and apply to strings .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  like   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  return the version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   notify
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  checks a dirty flag for changes to happen .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  puts   execution
truth:  sets   a

test:  get all group access .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return cumulative distribution function based on the passed shape .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  wrapper for cache .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decodes string to base64 encodes a base64 format .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  compresses   a

test:  extract s3 date formats for a stack .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  exit process .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  call   a
truth:  creates   pid

test:  return a dict of network config values .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  list   return
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check if a 'vgdisplay%s' is debug .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the count of the review count counts for a review request .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  initializes   null

test:  number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number number
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  sets an object query based on |spec| .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  null   null
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  only load on windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  load   null
truth:  works   works

test:  returns the relabel graph with nodes from a nested tree and/or tree but returns the labels .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  generate a security mode .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  generate   configuration
truth:  converts   a

test:  create an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  create   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  assert that an desired behavior of arrays are the desired desired desired desired tuple .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  an upsampling .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  create   attempt
truth:  run   run

test:  check if a path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  deletes files or directories .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  convert   remove
truth:  replace   replace

test:  context manager to activate an existing log code object .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  context   stderr
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return all certificates .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  return   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  render an jinja2 interpreter .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  initialise a given url .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  module   redirects
truth:  creates   a

test:  checks if an instance with the specified key is present .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  returns   up

test:  test plotting psd psd function .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write the include section of a path .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  parse a timestamp from string into .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional file and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and train it for a dummy dataset-- tiny epochs
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   back
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url this one uses wcs .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a filter object containing all instructor tasks sent for a course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes a character matrix so that each column is a series of entry values and makes an comprehensive mu columns is square .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a helper function to create command to check python properties .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   function
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the rich measures .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  this deletes a string in a given name or even if there is a single existing character .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  configure   a

test:  start a task with the start task id .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  ping   task
truth:  null   a

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  configure the math at a time .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  configure   function
truth:  get   get

test:  test if a mimetype resolves to the full file name than an error file .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test the "probes" color instance .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  return a dictionary containing related exercises .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  return   ndarray
truth:  returns   a

test:  serialize object from given object .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  return   data
truth:  null   in

test:  decorator that permanently attach an lxml requirements to a test function .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of key/value pairs .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wait until a javascript variable is expected .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate before weeks .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get the additional length added by inserting a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   console
truth:  get   get

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  implement   null
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  take a tensor and return all placeholders that is depending on the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  take   get
truth:  get   get

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats state to a tuple to pass it to tk .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  optdict   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  validate optional input data .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  validate   create
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   send_catch_log
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  email for api .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  email   a
truth:  send   a

test:  test test on numerical representations with indexes .
truth: if a . 
test:  sends   output
truth:  if   a

test:  validates a float value in a float specified in floating point seconds for a none .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  convenience function that instantiates a warning .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  function   null
truth:  log   a

test:  automatically to save association .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  to   attempts
truth:  emits   a

test:  return the points of distances in f(x) f(x) points .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  return   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  decrypt a resource method .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  value   value

test:  get dense paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  regression test for url this step representation .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  slices   completion
truth:  test   test

test:  excview this creates an classifier class .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   a

test:  create a fake python pairs .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor by name .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  find primary keys .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   primary
truth:  find   find

test:  find the first host:port string .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  find   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  checks if pip version can be executed .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  if   end
truth:  end   end

test:  sets a blob for the div test completes .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  connect to the system by using the root command line .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  function   function

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return whether file exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  return   test
truth:  to   check

test:  generate size of a container .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return package version of listed in __version__ member init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  the common secret key for a file .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  print a human-readable information and the a defined web application .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  format a time to a custom template name .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cpu the number of seconds in the system .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns if a function is nonpos or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts a list of blacklisted ips into a string .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  converts   list
truth:  list   list

test:  add intersections of the second line .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  add   add

test:  return partition of array after trimming distribution from both tails .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  mean   returns
truth:  slices   slices

test:  wrap the decorated decorator and add it to a plain attribute .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  a decorator for mapping to signals .
truth: create a property . 
test:  null   variant
truth:  create   a

test:  a shortcut for djangos login_required .
truth: takes request . 
test:  null   process
truth:  request   request

test:  a simple view for 0] requests .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   custom

test:  renders the :0: descriptor .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  renders   request
truth:  null   replacement

test:  read a file from the given file .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  read   parse
truth:  load   load

test:  build a paginator .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  build   a
truth:  get   a

test:  perform copy of src and stat for each colspan .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  to   attempts

test:  read lines from the file .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  read   read
truth:  to   try

test:  check if a directory is actually a full directory .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  given a record in the specified libcloud .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  make   a
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - instantaneous trendline .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parse the given entry into a datetime object and str[ .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  unicode an ascii string .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  call   indices
truth:  null   method

test:  create a unique signature .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  create   a
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  preprocess cut using a mad precision .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  null   sql
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure every completion message with a new message .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a stub object .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  return   key
truth:  is   null

test:  quotient by a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  find   quotient
truth:  null   quotient

test:  test whether a string can be converted to a int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   check

test:  computes the 3600000 rotation matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse the oauth2 dance to allow a twitter token to be used and secret to resolve the changes instance .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  parse   url
truth:  perform   null

test:  build a group field return value .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that the named user is set in the group .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  ensure   change
truth:  add   a

test:  return a path and return the new vdis instance .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  create   a
truth:  move   move

test:  perform a saltinvocationerror on a tagged print the original listing that was found by their all/specified .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  perform   string
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  creates multiple url .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates all disabled plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  updates   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return a single service .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  send email delete tag from the repository on the repository at the top of the tag .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  removes   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  given a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  given   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return path to file .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  line -> string return lines with whitespace replaced by whitespace .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  decodes string apart to unicode .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  string   return
truth:  null   in

test:  factory to get a timeout of flaky timeout .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  null   return
truth:  make   a

test:  updates the current hash to an existing hash .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  return   a

test:  create simple binding in the jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a path starts with name starts with ? .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  scatter scatter plot .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plots   plot
truth:  plot   traces

test:  open warnings which should direct the warnings database .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   open

test:  parse an origin url from a relative url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  given   null

test:  split a pathname using manageable .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   returns
truth:  normalize   a

test:  returns the der-encoded certificate from a single certificate .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix keys from row string .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a queryset ids to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   a

test:  build a class instance for the given django instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  build   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  cast a function to a condition function .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  string   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gets the given pack file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  load   a
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  inplace the primary namespace checks for *time_old* models .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  null   a
truth:  serializing   null

test:  given a timedelta object from a number of seconds .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   python

test:  usage: or replace usage specified by the command-line usage .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  compute   encode
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : deposit_type : rate:% .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create an stonith object cibfile use cibfile instead of one property cibfile name/path of the live resource extra_args additional options for creating the live cib for the stonith cib for
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  creates   factory
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master config .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  cherrypy check at before_handler which hooks all auth data .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  returns   cherrypy
truth:  is   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the circular results for an axis .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  ask   plot
truth:  show   images

test:  method to get permalink ids from path .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  to   method
truth:  get   get

test:  check the logged info attributes for the given task .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  train a script from the command line .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  runs   install
truth:  executes   null

test:  test that trailing table options chopped extent .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  input   input
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the list of services that are enabled to start at boot .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  mark an event as a specified package .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  mark   certificate
truth:  null   null

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  send when the request was blocked .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  send   close
truth:  close   close

test:  check if a variable is debug .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  if   return
truth:  get   get

test:  check if user is access to this course or blocked .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  if   user
truth:  if   checks

test:  finds the number of features that are bag assumes the last outbox .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  finds   average
truth:  assert   assert

test:  output the given args .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  output   a
truth:  print   print

test:  checks file .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  file   null
truth:  if   check

test:  raise exception if no roles are found .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  modify   methods

test:  filter an otu table with otu table .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  filter   otu

test:  suspension reallocation command section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  reallocation   uplink
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a dataframe and return a status object .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  object   a
truth:  load   a

test:  validates that the project is valid .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  validates   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  version a version as a valid version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if there are no package .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  debug/test function for translation - try to import this one .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  null   database
truth:  using   null

test:  create a room object .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  create   a
truth:  post   post

test:  multiple series inversion 1/p modulo o .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  null   sum
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  start the regular expression and return the contents of the resulting file .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  start   attempt
truth:  define   a

test:  return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  request power state change name = default value = default * network -- request * hd -- set to hard hard drive * hd hard hard drive .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   power
truth:  request   power

test:  return a list containing index .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  returns   a

test:  the convenience function used to compile an object into a single node that is the access via the given name .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  load an anonymous user from the same env .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  load   settings
truth:  call   call

test:  get the application object for the given application .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check python source code uses white on a string .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  source   a
truth:  token   token

test:  wraps the attr on a given object with a new object in a given object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  patch   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check for profitbricks configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  set   up
truth:  check   check

test:  see all climate index on this command .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  tests that hugs inline contains_one_of .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check if the given element starts with the list of strings .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  verifies a date or verify hl0 using urllib .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the file flags for the given process .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  looks up recursively for a drum_group if a track chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  encodes hex to base32 api .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  check to see if a list of lists have been enabled on the mailchimp .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  to   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check version of pip cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  check   return
truth:  get   get

test:  load the module from the given module label .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  import   import

test:  fetches last record .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  discard   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  get current runtime element .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  create a descriptor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the current destination .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  converts decimal colors .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  given   null
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  walks   a

test:  check to see if we can query the module is installed .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  execute command in subprocess .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   a

test:  exit code if the elementtree thru .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  exit   function
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an arguments along the given axis .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  running   in
truth:  if   null

test:  delete dictionary from instances system_metadata information .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  reverse into account queue object .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  from rings meta .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  test mutable table designed for humans and test having position line before the header line .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  input   input
truth:  read   read

test:  return the path to the given module path .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  imports a template from the resource .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  loads   templates

test:  checks an integer value is not a valid integer value .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  make a gaussian mean .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  label   confidence
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  given a course_id and comment_id update comment return a course_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  location reject reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  force   section
truth:  updating   location

test:  collect all the containers in a text .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   container
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes data .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  computes   implementation
truth:  null   mac

test:  adds attribute symbol to a global object .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  assert registration logger is executed .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  calling   populate
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return a user user with an api .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  show   user
truth:  creates   a

test:  mark a traffic server configuration from the given name .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shuts   a
truth:  shut   null

test:  quote a url quoting that are potentially quoted .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  null   html
truth:  text   text

test:  test format and construct a format that isnt pointers .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a list of compatible channels .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  do   null

test:  patch _merge_log_error a generator that returns an iterator over all available transformers .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  patch   helper
truth:  context   manager

test:  if serializer subscription is seeing on the node .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns a notification notification type with the given user_id .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create the directory from the configuration directory .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses topics from block markers and returns a list of lines that have in either wanipconnection or equivalents .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  label   a
truth:  format   format

test:  return the cache if there is a cache cache rate use this method .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the equivalent of a pair of architecture .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get metadata for an aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   hosts
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load if docker libraries exist .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  this hierarchy to get resolved instance_type .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  filtered   query
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns default folders for a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  default   context
truth:  default   default

test:  init the init level .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  init   init
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the proper '/var/cron/tabs'elif group owner and path to the incron group .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a short value .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  return   parses
truth:  formats   a

test:  assert that the output of review hook are published when review .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  unregister   null

test:  find a django field name if a model is not a remote model .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns available flavor sizes .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of a active plugin by name .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  run   get
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorate a method factory method .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mark   method

test:  create present keyring locally cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  sleep   create
truth:  is   keyring

test:  parameters tree : int .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  slices   slices

test:  helper function to set the post immediately after amazon its results .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  function   post
truth:  compute   compute

test:  a widget that include git requests .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  validate   set
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  modify event grades for a particular transaction .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  shared   decorator
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  remove leading aliases from the help querystring .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  when a set of used for the given key .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  return   strips
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  parse a service name to be handled by .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  parse   run
truth:  stop   stop

test:  execute url on a socket and return the same url .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  url   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  return vcs revision to use inside a vcs revision .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  return   load
truth:  get   version

test:  create a copy of the elements of copy .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : step plus expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  translate sys .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  in python 2 .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  to   a
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  return true if f is an element of the ground domain .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  return   add
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin take elements from iterables in a round-robin fashion .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  take   null
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  clean the contents for a single file filename .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  clean   null

test:  pull pull request status update it as a dictionary .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  pull   send
truth:  format   a

test:  get a resource from a table .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  is   null

test:  gaussian linear unit .
truth: add i . 
test:  null   quota
truth:  add   i

test:  converts a port range to a ~ rules .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  if this is currently visible or not .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  null   null
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  if the view specified in the dummy view and modified than the dummy view .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  serve   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  return available language class .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  module   module

test:  format unused unused attributes on the 'xmlns instances of the node with prefix .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  pack an first prefix at *ptr* .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  used   ipv6
truth:  extract   null

test:  test reading lines from various than space or makes sure that bad an exception specifying an exception .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  reading   a
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test same_domain protocol from various concerning a duplicate tuple .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  if we have to have a designed .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  mock an encoded string .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a task with the prefix defined in async .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  return   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  create a new tool chart using the selected tool description .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reconstruct up id into its id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   matrix
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  tests that a matrix of binary with right shape .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  ensure the named user is absent name the name of the feature to remove users users users to delete .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  ensure   a

test:  check whether a short number is a region code .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  given a tar passed in a python object .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  given   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  sanitize bson warning name .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  sanitize   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  destroys a vm record as an instance and return vm database .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   null
truth:  destroys   a

test:  pick channels in distribution .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   pick

test:  the mandatory prefix for this process .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  null   null
truth:  do   null

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  converts the controller used to the partition partition .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  null   change
truth:  function   function

test:  create the monitordir path to host file .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  create   return
truth:  copy   copy

test:  setup -> typename .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  null   database
truth:  null   method

test:  print and issues summary sequence .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  print   toy
truth:  null   column

test:  returns the version of text .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verifies that dependencies are installed .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  if   summary
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  decorator that widen a function from a different argument .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  a context manager that asserts no preferred api on a signal .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  context   ssh
truth:  null   contexts

test:  return a string describing an iterable of available attributes .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  generate unique involutions chunks from list .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  write message to data message .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  utf-8   returns
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  return a set of all available memory usage in the cloud storage .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   statistics

test:  load to ensure that it is installed .
truth: execute app . 
test:  to   runs
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull salt file references out of the states .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  pull   salt
truth:  pull   salt

test:  creates a new yaml class and adds its handlers to the corresponding type flow .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  add resolved contacts with a users viewpoint .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  generates   contacts
truth:  remove   a

test:  given an html snippet .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  given   null
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  use netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  to   processes
truth:  use   threads

test:  prepare recipient group for recipient .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  return   return

test:  fail unless the expected_paths are no file at rpm_path .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   check
truth:  fail   null

test:  checks if the given quality is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  make task path as a dict .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  iterates   prefix
truth:  -   -

test:  build an iterable of pairs from a list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  build   return
truth:  count   count

test:  tests that the state can be used with the given parameters .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates the interval of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt1 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the currently set network time time time time time :return: the system :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  display   display
truth:  get   get

test:  create a file under information from a git repository .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  parse   a

test:  gets single user metadata .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  command   photos
truth:  terminate   null

test:  deletes the specified firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  given   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  computes the linear operators of two linear operators .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  computes   part
truth:  computes   null

test:  return an output with the git repository .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  return   return
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  return the params by name .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate sptype that dont have weight in reverse chronological order because of markdown .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  function   module
truth:  output   output

test:  check if a deletedif is deleted .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  logs   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  copy the vulndb/data contents to (available and print the string .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  copy   up
truth:  to   setup

test:  return a cache object from a package using the modules .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  return   module
truth:  return   a

test:  calculate a new session spec for an existing *individuals* instance this function converts 'eval' object that can be used to extract the new values in the given 2-dimensional an existing
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  model   calculate
truth:  constructs   a

test:  callback that can use the given signal from single stack of values .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  callback   print
truth:  handle   a

test:  send an ip or write ip pixels .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  use   compare
truth:  show   show

test:  returns an absolute path to the file .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  attach a volume to an existing server .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  attach   block
truth:  block   block

test:  retrieve a user with an exploration .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  commits   updates
truth:  commits   a

test:  output for replay .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  null   like
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a valid created .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  because this should have no column .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  log   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  callback to handle merging nodes by recomputing graph .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  to   default
truth:  to   callback

test:  parse the given ordereddict of an iterable of http response headers .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  sorts   fasta
truth:  sorted   get

test:  clear the regular expression in the registered node .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns the string from the same name as defined in the string .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  add   a

test:  returns a class attributes and compiler without a django compiler .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  returns   uuid
truth:  get   get

test:  translates input .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  prompt   users

test:  retrieve the size from the type path .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  retrieve   function
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a total points counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   deltas
truth:  attach   null

test:  get current video tracks .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   integer
truth:  get   current

test:  returns an instance of the given instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  returns   power
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  infer nodes on each statement mapping tuple .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  generate   pair
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to return the list of sections for a given series the sections are returned in the order of their position in the template .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of subnets for the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure that the result is a function of type .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  call   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reverses the elements lst[a:b] .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  reverses   analyze
truth:  uses   uses

test:  apply a branching rule into one .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  create a new column parameter for a tuple .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   create

test:  determine when a user is allowed to use the data .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  determine   number
truth:  turns   null

test:  put an audio generator which yields a sequence of available audio data .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  load   context
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the language-code language list .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  writes the structure to a file .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  writes   configuration
truth:  save   configuration

test:  precision of a similarity objective .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  null   *
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  makes a test suite from a test suite .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  makes   runner
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  set the tcp setup .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  clean   add
truth:  send   send

test:  create a mock node .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  create   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  create a last archive dictionary for a specified repository .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set the file at the given shell .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  computes the bayesian information criterion assuming that the log brain come .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  prints a list of variable references to stderr .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  null   classes

test:  same as writable .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  null   a
truth:  does   null

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the sentiment of the wiki than wiki values .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns the current turn off the form segmentation = { weights .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  load the users login resource and return the list of values .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  force   a
truth:  file   file

test:  decorator that allows a function to run a command .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a backup by id or name .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   generator
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  add an application .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  module   storage
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generates a dataset spec for the specified dataset .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a list of findcmderror .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  given   query
truth:  constructs   a

test:  convert a real integer as an integer .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  convert   mpl
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if bracket file has the given page using the mandatory header version .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  null   read
truth:  read   read

test:  writes the results of a style client and console output when the test data object .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  fetches   checks
truth:  get   a

test:  get a metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  executes a single mean .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  helper function for storing values in django .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  generates a random number assumes that is composite a positive prime .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for interactive function .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   factory

test:  deletes a vlanid entry vlanid .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  yaml: a file that match a data cache for a resolved cache .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  am   am

test:  print printing to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  prints   a

test:  parse source file into warning warning .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  source   parse
truth:  end   end

test:  return a sequence of items in a sequence .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  assert the message and emit a status string .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  run the regular temporary file to use with the provided name .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  run   a
truth:  test   helper

test:  convert the value into a float representation of a matrix from a .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return or set the radial 'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   null

test:  update city country instances .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  update   null
truth:  given   null

test:  retrieve a file from the salt master template file .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  transfer   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return true if the event should be supported based on .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   changes

test:  decorator for connected test .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  force   force

test:  print a string to stderr .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  null   null
truth:  string   string

test:  set the registry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that a particular pandas .
truth: aux function . 
test:  null   check
truth:  function   function

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  sort an input variable against x parameters values : array-like the activation function to spherical values are consistent .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if an installed package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  create user for common command-line flags .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  create   null
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check if instances have any previously monitored and check the bottom interrupt .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  check   check
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return the url of the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples:
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  return   a
truth:  command   command

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  remove unique elements .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  parse and return empty content path .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  parse   toy
truth:  returns   items

test:  remove receivers from signal .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  remove   fill
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  to   attempt

test:  set the 'ini module if the python module is solaris .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  set   load
truth:  load   load

test:  the user to the requested revision document .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  if   null

test:  crypto crypto .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  null   append
truth:  return   a

test:  check if data is a single scalar type .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  null   return
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given list .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  validate that the given path is a valid directory path and should be created .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validate   change
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a query to filter messages based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tanh of a tensor .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a set of distance indices in the given image distance .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  construct   binary
truth:  find   corners

test:  get more attributes of a function .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  add an umc container to an object .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an event by created and add it to the created one .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  create   null
truth:  update   update

test:  download a single generator .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator that records based on the given function of end of orig_vec .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  prints   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing reallocation complete section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  extended   null
truth:  routing   area

test:  loads a file and returns its contents of the given file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  volunteer types controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  convert a fasta_file file and save it to a taskqueueserviceerror file .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   method

test:  choose a directory .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different content .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   rl_forward_char
truth:  test   xunit

test:  merges two filter vars and a single mapping them into a new schema .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator that synchronizes the protected methods with closed information .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disconnect signals from an signals .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  null   a
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   sys
truth:  testing   sys

test:  create mapped index on the given axis .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  create   return
truth:  construct   null

test:  used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  get list of hypervisor for a given hypervisor .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   hypervisors
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  make a string version of standard python string .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test check revision .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  check   use
truth:  get   current

test:  find the list of unknown groups for each table in train_indexes .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   table

test:  command : 'malformednext' error .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the absolute path .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get remaining line .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   edge
truth:  get   get

test:  public implementation of the operation along the previous operation .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  array   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a volume type type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  adds new user to the submissions pool to be no user .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  adds   standard
truth:  null   page

test:  returns usernames .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  gets a text from the expected way .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  fail   check
truth:  check   check

test:  this test will be used to build python module without __all__ .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  null   i
truth:  test   test

test:  helper to decorate a file in a file .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  to   parse
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  render the infinite stream stream .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  render   null
truth:  focused   user

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   method
truth:  null   method

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  formats a list of the string representing the proper arguments for the use in the default arguments for the appstats python 3 .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  add pair to starcluster pair .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   run

test:  infer a random integer tensor with randomly elements .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  sample   returns
truth:  sample   sample

test:  build a url for a textual api .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  build   a
truth:  function   function

test:  like whatever but for strings .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  like   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create agent to interact with a spinnaker agent server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  print message to stdout and exits .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  logs   message
truth:  log   log

test:  returns a list of colors in the order given by a good underscore .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate header data for each part of the given url .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new datastore query .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  create   a
truth:  access   access

test:  initial callback - invoked after the server sends us its greet message .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  return true if the variable is undefined .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  return   return
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  translates an integer into seconds since it is equal to seconds .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  time   return
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that protects endpoints using http auth .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  split the given include modules in a path to find the include include standard path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  split   reverse
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the operator specified in singular .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  see   null

test:  create the project .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  compare hill-climbing without seqfeature and sends their offsets .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  returns   depth
truth:  embed   album

test:  returns a boolean argument for a argument .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   argument

test:  get a network rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return the mounts of the linux distribution .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tanh activation function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  null   propagation

test:  generate a dictionary of fields for the given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  generate   a

test:  takes a list of last month pairs .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  did   null

test:  helper method to check if the bundle object has enough helper method .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  null   null
truth:  read   a

test:  create a new directory that simulates with dirname .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  extract basic auth info .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  extract   data
truth:  null   helper

test:  test grammar methods for expected values .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  test   grammar
truth:  null   attrs

test:  returns true if idle is running .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the variable is a html .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  scan manager that converts a manager into a global application name .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  set   up

test:  a version of cyclic characters in a string .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  attempt to retrieve the user to select a grid node .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  to   content
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  adds a list of source files .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  obtain   a

test:  creates an iterable of message xml schema xml from a given dict .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  build   meta
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a cholesky string for an ordinary lowercase and noisy helper .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  takes   backend
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   page

test:  convert inputs for permanence .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  create   null
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  add the bootloader extra arguments to the bootloader tag .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  send display who-has requests to determine which hosts are up promiscping -> none set cache=true if the pillar promiscping .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  to   null
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find a text string from the given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  find   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  struct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  call every bug in the test function decorator to raise a bug args: bug : dictionary of test to all bug we also parse the arguments to have no bug
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  helper function to retrieve a specified configuration from the specified configuration name .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  makes   update
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the key name for a string .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  lstrip(s) -> string return a copy of the string s with all of its first argument .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   one

test:  wrapper around image_resize_image .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  resizes   wrapper
truth:  null   tool

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  open open installation .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  open   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  reset operating files for underlying sampling and reset to reset module .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  build   api
truth:  return   return

test:  yield sqlobjects data on a file-like object and write it to a generator that consider function .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  yield   character
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  helper for national the inverse:long sends using saving .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  record   record

test:  wsgi entry point .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  test   test

test:  return all instance faults for the provided instance_uuids .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  adds sanity tests and private attribute with countevent sanity check .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  casts   remove
truth:  null   snippet

test:  load something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  fetch   something
truth:  import   a

test:  creates a directory on a file .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  set up tags in the ['memoized config file and add dummy data .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  set   example
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return unicode path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if x is either a platform or unicode instance .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  unicode   decode
truth:  decode   a

test:  return commit without working operations .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  commit   use
truth:  if   null

test:  return a file name of the file named by locked .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  object   object

test:  applies sparse element into each step element in the textual .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  apply   ctc
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  returns a list of known auth to use cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  returns   statement_list
truth:  list   list

test:  update a users room number cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  update   change
truth:  change   change

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   mlist
truth:  update   metadata

test:  return a decorator to execute an operation start with given args .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all available blobs in the specified container .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  scan a active pattern .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  match   a
truth:  return   current

test:  return the swap disk id of linode space to be used as an swap disk .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure an object is implemented to struct_or_union .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  null   in

test:  get a list of yaml off of yaml .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  get   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  list the files specified by course_key .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  list   statistics
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   iterator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a sql response with body or a html .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   response

test:  return a scalar or a scalar path .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  casts   returns
truth:  cast   cast

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update an object in a container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   container
truth:  delete   a

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   override
truth:  convert   convert

test:  calls wait until a list has completed .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns true if remote server is available .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  returns   call
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator that wraps the function in python 2 .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a new dummy method that maps a notimplementederror could be used with the same name to a dummy function .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of network filter configured on the device .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  return   send
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve the permission by the provided typename and check the optional permission .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check a string for root section .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of locate linux should be run cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   null

test:  write private data to a string args: path : path to disk .
truth: write out data . 
test:  toggle   null
truth:  write   null

test:  a decorator that passes the custom fit method in a given args .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  process the face .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   process

test:  query an next post .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  obtain   a
truth:  null   groups

test:  extract a model instance from a model works .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: priority-sorter publish trend reports with shining jobs .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  variable : lparen variable rparen .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  expr   expr

test:  convert a function to a datetime object .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  round   round

test:  a function to replace the class and new list of modules that are not a .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  process   remove
truth:  create   a

test:  creates an empty array from an empty array without np .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a list of code[pos] strings for a given word of strings .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  code   code

test:  attempts to return a string .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  to   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets a rollback .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  get   get

test:  this function converts a list of object into a new operation .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  object   add
truth:  call   call

test:  compute the eeg evoked evoked and eeg evoked using eeg evoked .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   n
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  perform a gradient replacement for a node .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  perform   projects
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the git command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return a list of node ids in topologically such that node is a node .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  a 307 temporary url for the given url .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates the dict from url .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return all connection in the database .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   sections
truth:  return   data

test:  find the hash specified in a working array and find the dataset .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  memoized user .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  presents   exception
truth:  fills   in

test:  returns a string containing the number of notifications available for the given notification .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   notifications

test:  clean top state .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  clean   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return an image with the new color space .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  promote   im1

test:  left return 1 for list or a list of tuples .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  return   object
truth:  is   null

test:  disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  initiate   null
truth:  activate   null

test:  an example function .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   example

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable flocker-control service .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if any of the url is in the list of ssh .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test glyphs versions of different functions .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   check
truth:  loading   loading

test:  return an input template uri to become scaling using the '[\\ module this system parameters template : none if there are a ]expression template does not exist .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  uri for a view .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  check if bug is set from bug bug blocks .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return y minus best fit function .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   y
truth:  return   x

test:  update the container info .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  update   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that the c reader works if the larger line is not escaped .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  renders   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return art url string starting with url art .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   google
truth:  return   art

test:  tests calling bar which are not in a permission project .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  determine distance between 2 locationglobal of [lat .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  determine   distance
truth:  finds   null

test:  get the type class from given app_label and case-insensitive model_name .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  returns a list of network property required by the given coordinate to attach to the primary .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  apply   text
truth:  return   return

test:  return a custom implementation of a method .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test if a user can view when a review has allowed .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a url can connect to a network device .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return the number of workers that a particular worker .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  try to find the python unicode encoding when loaders is used .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of the language modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return custom totals .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   garbage
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates two exits to and from the two exits to and build a little object .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the number of initial 1 .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   method

test:  remove xml file .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return the specified time .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  show an error message based on its soap code .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  show   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of parameter names .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  return   set
truth:  create   network

test:  update an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  annotation is an networks .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  is   volume
truth:  existing   list

test:  add a nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  add   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate the mest integral of a b-spline between two given unix and ndim> .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  find   find

test:  saves metadata globally the current image .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  save   image
truth:  enrich   null

test:  remove double spaces from the string to python string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  filter the album plugins string for a template .
truth: as above . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  null   null

test:  list media instance items of media list the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  indicates   media
truth:  get   media

test:  return a list of paths for each entry in host or just the given host .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   in
truth:  return   a

test:  return the number of seconds in a string path .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get all services which are disabled .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   services

test:  test iterator of elements of iterator iterator .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  null   batch
truth:  tests   wether

test:  produce dataframe to a dataframe .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  replace   series

test:  import units from given unit units .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  index   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  need to parse a wsgi item if it exists .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  null   post
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of example directories for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  ret[setting] a setting by adding the next settings to next :py:class:optionparser setting .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  function   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  return the total number of two terms of a and elementtree lines .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test reading source source space .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  test   null
truth:  label   label

test:  return a slightly text for the vectors .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function compile full dots on all platforms .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   data

test:  retrieves the content from the service about page .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  full last extends line records .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  handles   handles

test:  returns the id of a oreturn instance .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  returns   object
truth:  return   return

test:  single list of matching user .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  list   notification
truth:  denied   user

test:  device_array allocate a device like it is like an array of device objects .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  call   cuda

test:  formats an integer code .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  loads and returns a default template .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  strips double quotes from strings .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  null   strips
truth:  normalize   a

test:  get the minimum element in the list .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  get   find
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  load the event in the background image .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  load   set
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  return the specified keyword arguments .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  like   like

test:  return the line in the split line .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  load   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use index .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  use   tags
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a tuple of bytes in the range log file .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  expects   null

test:  this method is used to create a new git application .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sends an error request to the broken request .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  warnings   send
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a list of objects to a vcenter .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  returns   a

test:  skip a powershell of receive entities in this system .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  list   method
truth:  get   get

test:  raises frappe .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  raises   intersections
truth:  returns   controller

test:  returns formatter .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  text   a
truth:  format   a

test:  trigger a vm with the given name and name .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the vecty field of a non-whitespace or a product field computed wrt the specified frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a class decorator to cause a class to be called via a class .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  use and executes the given stream .
truth: open stream . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return a queryset of resource names of resource state identifier .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  filter out the list of errors in number of errors .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   iterator
truth:  filter   a

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   multiple
truth:  command   command

test:  normalize the row and normalize everything points .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  list   points
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return a column-matrix secret for the proposals backend .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  return   create
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  test that upon forces optimizer to see :func:_access_rule 5 data .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  to   null
truth:  url   url

test:  trim text .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  trim   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return the lvm database return the function name of a sequence of accepted .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  run   a

test:  attach to a disk in a load-balancer .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  to   gce
truth:  add   add

test:  return the last access path .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   in

test:  set a hook for all threads started from the set of functions .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  verify last item name of a == true .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  null   null
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow disallow disallow disallow .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  certificate   -
truth:  log   log

test:  deletes a new json database .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the html document from an arbitrary request .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the 'date+%s' number of time .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure component options raises an exception with length 1 .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get config dictionary from path .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  get   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get the descendants from the given node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  centers the first element of a iterator by calling its next() method .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  matching   iterator
truth:  return   return

test:  detach an subnets to subnets .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   elb
truth:  detach   elb

test:  a pickleable that returns the data field .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  return   a

test:  take a hex color as hex string .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  take   hex
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  returns true if any of the restricted bucket is present .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  access   access

test:  check if a value is a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print an error message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  computes md5 hash of hashlibreturn algorithm .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  computes   get
truth:  compute   compute

test:  dummy sample score should also sample data on sparse matrix .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  null   fake
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert an opcode to a list of simplified_pairs integers .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  create   binary

test:  checks if an executable object is popen .
truth: run a command . 
test:  register   set
truth:  run   a

test:  setup the available sensors] sensor .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  move vehicle in direction based on specified duration of velocity vectors and for the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   vehicle
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test if pip is listed .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  ninelse init .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  init   init
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  try to set the column .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  null   find
truth:  inputs   a

test:  assert that choice value is last updated with a list of choices .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return a generator that reads all the ylimits lists of a binary string .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  subtract labeled polynomial g from a labeled polynomial .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parameters s : long returns the result of type_qualifier .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the machine set on the specified virtual machine .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  internal routine to load a buffer from a buffer .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of dns services that use this function .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update the default credentials in the server .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  update   course
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  configure the app remote object .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  clean   request
truth:  does   null

test:  retrieve specified "{}mustbeoftype'{}'" value from a specified plot provider .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  fetch   keyword
truth:  set   set

test:  return list of filenames from switchs against the export .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  list   commands
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read source spaces from a fif file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  strip leading and strip empty lines from a string .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  text   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   long
truth:  replace   long

test:  return a list of all exercises that the user is currently '-latest on .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  send an email when a new email is posted to an exploration .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of names of methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  like string .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   return

test:  build up current exceptions .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  build   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert text into words .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  text   null
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  parse a device name according to the current device .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  locate   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the output of an expression .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  return   search
truth:  parses   parses

test:  helper method to attach a certificate in the specified certificate .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  define   null

test:  determine which path to nested nested path .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  given   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to fragments .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   parameters
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  if : step plus qliteral | ruleitem rpar .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  null   refresh
truth:  null   varlist

test:  return the auth of a users client .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  if   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  verifies that customized attribute of an object f are always protected and tensorflow .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  verifies   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  given bug type conversions .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  renders a template in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  print all commands for the specified formats option .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  return information about the functions in a dictionary .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of the instances that are on the provider .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  return   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return those items in sequence for which predicate is false .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available endpoint cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode based on model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   subpixel
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  strips and convert newlines to a stream of entities .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  short   anything
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  'management lt command .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  run   pairs
truth:  execute   django

test:  return the path to the root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  renders markdown text with all reviews in markdown .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  markdown   escape
truth:  text   text

test:  a decorator to catch the wrapped function alignment .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the container container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  load a given file into a default object .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  load   null
truth:  call   call

test:  wraps a function with the given name and add a lists of inputs .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  use   use

test:  parses a category message parsed by the category command .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  parses   columns
truth:  step   definition

test:  return a list of paths read from the most recent data .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  find   find

test:  entrypoint to execute an entrypoint command .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  to   null
truth:  start   celery

test:  require an postgresql command .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  scan the sorted ports on a list of ports .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scan   ports
truth:  scans   null

test:  check the history of the script .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  makes   refresh
truth:  test   initialization

test:  same as other .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  run the arguments of an entrypoint script .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  run   python

test:  for common use in expressions .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parse the given api set of locale info in time .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   date

test:  get raw data from the given filename: "cat .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from negatives .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a dictionary of edges .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate the list of cliques contains a queue in a set of nodes .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  generate   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall a bower package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  a decorator to run a method to be run before returning an exception .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send an event numbers .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  write   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  internal parser for access to get a string with the path .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  splits iterator to find users that are equal to n .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the package specified by a package name .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  format a text string into a long using the tree running .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  create   a

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  write   null
truth:  display   a

test:  change brightness in gamma .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the rich-club neighbors of the graph g .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a timestamp protobuf to a timestamp object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  these for options with enum name or enum enum .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  registers a single handler function .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   register

test:  generates a random integer key .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  positive absolute error regression loss .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  null   permissions
truth:  null   median

test:  compute the sparse sum of the sparse matrix at sparse measure matrix parameters sparse : sparse matrix .
truth: computes np . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  computes   np

test:  test the http request handler class with host and serve support .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find most free port in a range .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  find   return
truth:  count   count

test:  return a purchase object containing the endpoint of a purchase .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that category is one of all apps normally called in :meth:~mopidy .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  replaces space character value with random characters .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   remove
truth:  purges   purges

test:  starts the application .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  close   in
truth:  register   register

test:  to get exception statistics for this layer .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  load raise an error .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  prompt   matrix
truth:  returns   returns

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should be instantiated .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  test   function
truth:  function   function

test:  write a line: parameters dict from a pb2 file .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compute spherical bessel function of the second kind and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   cylinder
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensure a value should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync value should only be run
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test a ask .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ask   test

test:  random n_steps .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  init   time
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an instance from the instance .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  only for posix-like systems to see on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  null   null
truth:  work   work

test:  register all tour/config account for admintools .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   features
truth:  register   register

test:  imports and returns a project given settings file in the django architecture .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  render an integral node to a given name .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  load timeseries .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  load   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  reach a user copy of given user and add it to the given permission .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  signs   update
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the global image location to cpp .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  set   up
truth:  to   function

test:  determine the git stderr .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  determine   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check a password against a given salted against a minion .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  check voting classifier selects smaller class label in -3 .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   gridsearch
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  a from_port:to_port:protocol[:destination] notation as appropriate for passing in json .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   task

test:  iterate over forwarding rules .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  iterate   apply
truth:  create   create

test:  simple function to return a function .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  null   attribute
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set returns the map' fixtures to the beginning of all available streams .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  filter assignjs .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns the radial legendre polynomial of order n the radial gaussian element 10 .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  most many functions .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   app

test:  reset the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  testing   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert an email .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  get all the notification type names .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   fake
truth:  get   get

test:  this function takes an item and uses it to get the description .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  function   a
truth:  process   json

test:  returns a testsuite with all tests when necessary .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  returns   run
truth:  run   run

test:  set the usage usage directory for the os .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  return   profile
truth:  set   set

test:  uses the pages from the flavor range defined by error: plugin to search .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  serve   handler
truth:  return   return

test:  validate and return a response which implements the request to a method .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns a list of the string with the given keys .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  list   get
truth:  print   keys

test:  delete a quote from the system .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   user

test:  merge pairs .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  testing   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  convert a tree string into a list of text against a list of text .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  null   a

test:  logic legendre polynomial .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  null   legendre
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  test that saved imports can be created from python program .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   convert
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   datasetkfold
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the total number of elements in a gaussian kernel .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  compute   bandwidth
truth:  null   rule

test:  make sure the specified database is available .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  returns   s3
truth:  creates   null

test:  computes the ce ce precision .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove given tenant from the flavor access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  given   remove
truth:  given   remove

test:  the api endpoint to get triggered the initial state .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  remove closed events .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   fill
truth:  remove   lines

test:  build the list of inline config file and user accounts accounts for this block back .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  build   configuration
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  run an image .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  run   resize
truth:  using   resize

test:  split error messages using the examples .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  test   parameters
truth:  errors   errors

test:  return the path of a dataset id from a given package id .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  return   import
truth:  to   attempt

test:  get data from disk image .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  get   data
truth:  file   file

test:  get line with accounts for the given key .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  get   method
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  returns list of purchase for another purchase .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  list   shows
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a columns to a dictionary .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a version of the named version .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a value and return a value for the http partition headers .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  like   parse
truth:  parses   a

test:  prints 0print information .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  callback   numbers
truth:  print   metric

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  return   test
truth:  null   null

test:  find the content in the list of object itself .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for functions .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the list of event locations for event stage .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  format a datetime for display .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  format   a
truth:  utc   utc

test:  keras decomposition for assert a complex homogeneous homogeneous regression .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  null   solve
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  take a string as hex color tuple of rgb -> .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  take   rgb
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a theano shared variable with shape and product of the specified shape .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  construct an appropriate object that can be used to compute the [{address: model .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  learn   a

test:  return a predicate that can be called by the current axis cli example: .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  return   greyscale
truth:  null   image

test:  sends an apns notification to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  entry point for the command line interface .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  add   test
truth:  to   runner

test:  iterate over child nodes .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  a combined version of combined string .
truth: given a key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the evaluated value as an int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if utcnow is before seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if this model and only allowed to allowed fields are present in them .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json projects representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   events
truth:  get   events

test:  return a filename .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   display
truth:  return   return

test:  raises an application description .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  converts   check
truth:  value   value

test:  given a list of fields .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  null   add
truth:  extract   field

test:  returns the given image .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  takes   image
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  finds out the absolute connected ordering of f(x) ordering .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  returns   formats
truth:  returns   a

test:  test count line produces one class .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  count   a
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of error messages of an error .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  computes   waits
truth:  if   null

test:  extract a recursive member from a string .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  return a new collection .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return precision from places in cache .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  deserialize   set
truth:  get   precision

test:  the cost cost .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the loadbalancer matrix to insert a vector of matrices .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  mean   x
truth:  compute   camera

test:  pids all registered installers .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  used   null
truth:  run   run

test:  attempt to configure the _lambdify config item .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  parses   database
truth:  logging   logging

test:  check for a string in minterm[i] .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  return quadratic spline coefficients for an temporarily .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generate rsa keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  parses an api endpoint which implements the cache that is a location .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  command   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  adds a property with a set of input document and add it to the document .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  adds   templates
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  update any http timeout in the db .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  update   update
truth:  set   http

test:  sets the lock in a document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  set   set
truth:  lock   a

test:  helper to split an exception and split the netmask and netmask .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  only work on debian systems with pkg .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  runs   work
truth:  run   run

test:  read up the path .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  read   null
truth:  expands   null

test:  creates a new environment with a environment .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  create the virtual directory from a temporary repo .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  generates   deseq2vs
truth:  import   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   returns
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for fields after description header .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a version where to insert multiple holidays in list x and right .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  inserts   return
truth:  insert   item

test:  train a network using gstreamer given throughput .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   a
truth:  train   a

test:  return a union of the given items in a list of positional items .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  combine   null

test:  creates public ip address of appscale .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  creates   parses
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a new config file .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  remote   remote

test:  converts value to a value or of a python type .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  value   value

test:  change the given text to a text .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  produce   escape
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  accepts a file and exe to a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   null
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  return true if value is a seq .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  search for search .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  search   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the closest ansi rgb log file .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  converts the rgb values to hex color size .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  encodes   null
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a metadef visibility object .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  create an image file .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  create   image
truth:  given   null

test:  read read complete return empty response .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  read   a
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return file_changes information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  execute the command and returns true if the given platform is missing .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns a full array with ones .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator factory for functions which automatically setup on the decorated function .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  function and call a model to do it in the model .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  run command to do migrations in the clifilters .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  command   a
truth:  create   database

test:  return a symbol that is equation: onto n .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  return   in
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update functions .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  initializes   shows
truth:  update   update

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching for ['/']for .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sends a message on a topic .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  run the main application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a dictionary containing the fully 'unknown-%s' strings .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  format   format

test:  return a job status .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  expand   returns
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   new
truth:  construct   new

test:  return an http response code .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get indexed aws loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  render urls in the hue page .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  render   view
truth:  render   render

test:  call ; for alert lists of a tgtable - used by tk - make things that require a dummy version .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  call   function
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  generate []label positions for []label data on the []label and right data .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  clean up the memory used by the prng module .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  do   null

test:  uses python module to wrap a string with the documented module .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  chisquare test of proportions for pairs of pairs of pairs of pairs .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   ascii
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  return the data based on the git header and would get the git header from git header .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   field
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves an best order linear order partial differential equation with best coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  decorator to decorate a class .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   function

test:  the service_dir python3 .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a base 36 string to int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  does tp among the tp among the tp instances in tp dict and raise an assert if any are detected than the passed in tp .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  does   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a report report to avoid use in a string to html line numbers .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  return   float
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  wait for a process with the specified id .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  click   click

test:  return the power code in a nearby int .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  check if this limit can be used for hypersearch command to test for a user .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  if   truncate
truth:  function   function

test:  closest of array .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   a

test:  check if experiment character have different experiment on certain experiment .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  if   return
truth:  using   null

test:  lists a nexusport binding .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  find comment nodes .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  find   xmlelement
truth:  given   a

test:  formats an html summary line-by-line .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  formats   custom
truth:  insert   insert

test:  converts a data stream to a dictionary .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  given   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  helper for djangos template module .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   x
truth:  points   points

test:  check if a number is a prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  function   return
truth:  null   integer

test:  returns the script prefix for the current thread .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return balancer supported by the libcloud functions .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a relative rotation rotation from a single image .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  return   sample
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  concatenate 2d theano tensor with known points .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get the constant containing a constant containing sensitive payload .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  disable an iam warning from the registry .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  declares   null

test:  for flowgrams .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  null   script
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  returns a built session to be hash for a hash .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  returns   security
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of attributes with a serializer attributes .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts python text to pairs .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  color   one
truth:  indent   a

test:  usage: return value usage: usage: .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  return a node list for undeclared .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  get environment variable name .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  use this generates the dimensions .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the hash to use the frame .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a single field in a form field .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  generate   stats
truth:  is   null

test:  verify that a step is importable .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  select   categories
truth:  change   change

test:  turns all result into a dictionary that are included into a list of actions .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a json representation of seconds in the log .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check a bad time kwarg is ignored .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  check   a
truth:  make   null

test:  a dummy criteria to link in bytecode .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  null   temporary
truth:  null   strategy

test:  collect properties of the ['name']property spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  test that nt representations than nt issues .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   drop
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a base64 encoded group .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  format the arguments passed into the f(x) or dictionary will be passed in .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  format   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of available plugins cli example: .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  wait for a service to become api point .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  create a service .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  call signature:: xscale set the scaling and broadcast it may be accepted .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set desat color properties on color .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  set   matplotlib
truth:  set   set

test:  if the class can be instantiated .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  replacement for a class that is to have a value .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  checks for a complex point after the point is non-blocking .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   null

test:  uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  null   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  group dataframe .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  null   parsing
truth:  if   test

test:  the trie dict provides a trie .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  collect ports created by quantum from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   ports
truth:  collect   ports

test:  efficiently load parameters from walker .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary containing groups and parse it in a dictionary and the users registry .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   media
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of head and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  context   context
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an inline role overrides the twitter behaviour of the keyboard behaviour given in the twitter behaviour of the keyboard documentation .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  skill provisions controller - needed when only create distributions are allowed .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  compute sampled commit directory .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  install   find
truth:  short   get

test:  generate supported docstring from docstring .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  patches   replaces
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  return memory pairs of a contiguous array was triggered by dimensions .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   location

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given function with the given c arguments that returns a pointer to an ogr spatial reference system .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  generates   routines
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  run windows tests .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   price
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a headers representation for the given instance .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  generates   null

test:  ensures that the input argument passed in the series/index provided .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  look   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new vlan depend on trunk .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  validate if a url .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  converts   a

test:  converts a path to the xml element .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  converts   object
truth:  if   null

test:  generate writer lines for g parameters g : string or the default encoding for text data structures for text data .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   lines

test:  this function wraps lines of lines to instance_id normal versions of text .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  like   null
truth:  copy   lines

test:  create a random user id .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates the threshold vectors vectors .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a list of result from the system .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  instantiates   return
truth:  process   process

test:  decorator to run an output and return it if it were given .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  function   function
truth:  call   call

test:  uses safecommit to examine cyclomatic script to put on safecommit .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  uses   radon
truth:  runs   runs

test:  logs a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  migrate list of do not an exception .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  list   a
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list project names for which the users is reporting .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the contents from the request or _schema .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  used by security base array with specified array of bsgs numbers .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  if   check

test:  show details about the given 'hypervisor' .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  show   details
truth:  display   display

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  test   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of human-readable strings back into a string .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  collect info about each entry in the dict passed to the garbage collector .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  null   force
truth:  null   idea

test:  parse a path uri into the gcs uri .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the power for p .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  send a signalcommand call .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  search for a list of strings into a string .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  search   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an annotated document from google cloud profile .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of available attributes cli example: .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  return   return

test:  load the sample between two masks and b .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  load   int
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  pack a string value to a scenario .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  string   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  run the given json .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  counts   null
truth:  is   null

test:  run web browser .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  run   web

test:  find a module in a set of info .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  chops the characters utf-8 .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  unpacks description against x / z t .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  add   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  converts a hex color[ color to hex color space or scipy color space .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  structurize for a template file handle .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   iso
truth:  breaks   up

test:  return the time zones to serialize a message .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  read stack data from frame .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  read   asserts
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  find a list of packages that isnt a pattern .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  parses   version
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks backup backup tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   title

test:  decorator for request_data methods that fail if it cant fail .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  calls   a

test:  return a mac address of a network address .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   windows

test:  returns the cloudstack to use .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  display   display

test:  split an array into a theseriesisnotregularin%s' distribution parameters x : ndarray .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  if   test

test:  return a query attached query string with nested query .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  load the entity from all available special properties to handle their balanced property .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  sync   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  a simple registration expression .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  a scenario should respond with tags .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  null   feature
truth:  having   a

test:  returns the expired status .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  aux function .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  function   string
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  returns true if field is return either a field or people .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  build a template string from a sequence of extra data .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  build   function
truth:  builds   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  generate the arguments to generate the arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a single blast record and return it .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  if its first value should be used as a field .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  return   error
truth:  function   function

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  null   test_record_bad
truth:  tests   tests

test:  equate vector3 by set .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  output   enable
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply migrations .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  apply   lookup
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  return argument string as an unicode string .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  null   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the com module in the shared module .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   a

test:  return info about an including server .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  return   user
truth:  string   string

test:  like a^p but always write the value into a fvwi integer .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  like   encode
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  test that "text" image should always test values .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  test   test
truth:  result   result

test:  gets the exploration with recommended date in recommended id .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  test displayed from stockwell filter .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   spatial
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the '--level' line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  checks if a request is {sender .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  if   compare
truth:  mark   mark

test:  a factory to get a client registry .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  injects   a

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  provide openssl response to axis' .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  used   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a filesystem .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  merge git truncate the result of git create modbus .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  merge   master
truth:  specified   clones

test:  helper function that check for a size parameters filename : frames .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  return   find
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a duration to a deep polynomial .
truth: add tag . 
test:  return   value
truth:  tag   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a wheel .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  quote the provided string so that it will be used internally with views .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  common code to change a users data[key] information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  copy   code
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 32-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return a dictionary of fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  return   in
truth:  extracts   null

test:  create a vbd vm and returns its empty vm .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  check the given function returned by the given uris .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  check   error
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a slightly date string from the given stream .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ordereddict with the datarows header header as defined by the to_dict dict .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get a tag or raise if it does not exist or tag doesnt exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  assert that an condition is raised by the list of condition .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  repeat several music where one playlist is currently used .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   message
truth:  stack   stack

test:  initialize python data for a given python module name .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  initialize   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a set of objects .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  translate   current
truth:  given   null

test:  ensure that the list of files are present in the whitelist system .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  if   test

test:  deletes a scheduler scheduler .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  given   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  create a slice of control projects .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  function   function
truth:  create   a

test:  print the estate manor estate : none the name of the target stack .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  generate items for 0 .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  generate   escape
truth:  return   number

test:  return the hard interface cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a float or a number of seconds .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  create a node cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  creates the first element of the first n on a group .
truth: return base . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  base   base

test:  reload environment under auth .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   build

test:  convenience function for testing .
truth: custom view . 
test:  function   -
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  helper function to format subject in subject to inherit commands .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  splits a list of files .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  check if obj is an instance and return obj .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an instance .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  always decode a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  normalize   return
truth:  return   return

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  create api-version specific endpoint tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a tuple of two different functions that can be different function .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove instructions from evil .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  trim   function
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return macos version information as a tuple with versioninfo being a machine and return it as tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  returns filename to find filename based on current file provided it will be stored in directory .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   ipython

test:  check the list of enabled filters .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  check   return
truth:  validates   validates

test:  adds a role for a tenant from a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  relative for relative relative for relative relative relative a for for the the relative a for for for for for for for for for for for for for for a
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns true if address belongs to cidr removal .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  flush all registered logger .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  log   log
truth:  send   current

test:  start a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  start   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return the total domains from distances on all weighted weighted from revision .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  return   null
truth:  chooses   a

test:  multiply f with respect to laguerre .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  null   multiplication
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  lists all of the timeseries we have written between start_time and end_time .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  return a list of sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate that value is file-like object into a platform .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the load average of a unix-like .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  get   use
truth:  null   os

test:  echo a classmethod decorator to stdout .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  url   a
truth:  change   change

test:  new shapedata backend returning a new shape of data .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  resize   null
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete image ref for image .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  content   content
truth:  content   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  creates a url for the specified url .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  url   url

test:  add the given integer to the given number .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a standard swift header .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  imports an module by name .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  import   module
truth:  exploit   import

test:  return github api url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  return   urls
truth:  github   github

test:  check if there are any found in all subdirectories .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  return   perms
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  test decorator that skips a test if a transaction is not in use .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  to   run
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a list of sample ids sorted by sorted list of sample ids .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sorts   sort
truth:  sort   otu

test:  returns true if there are any of the same targets .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets metric by name from list .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   metric
truth:  gets   metric

test:  convert a date into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a random global factory .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  create   null
truth:  be   null

test:  splits a chance image into two points .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  register a class or class as a decorator .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  register   a
truth:  store   handler

test:  checks if a template is an integer number or html numbers .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  if   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  return true if given reserved is valid .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  return   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parses a schema header string and verifies that the caller is exactly the cookie value .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a pretty object to ubuntu some api .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  get   get

test:  unicode-safe string concatenation .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  test extract_array with same length .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  running   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper method to pull crc-32c from remote tags and pull a function .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  null   publishing
truth:  return   arguments

test:  extension of a full controller .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator this view only duplicated cors requests .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the number of seconds .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  gets   null

test:  verify a csr to see if it fails .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  does   null

test:  outputs decorate in interpd .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  output   a
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return a child node of the node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  null   return
truth:  like   like

test:  return a string representation of the given width .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  indexes   a
truth:  pad   strings

test:  compute compute vertex operations .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  compute   verbose
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a url to hook into social auth endpoints .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  assign the given rslices to match the corresponding rslices rslices .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  assign   temporary
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return inverse .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  return   arrays
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a small tree with a tree .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  show   a

test:  validate that the given key is valid .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  send a post request for the specified object .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  send   add
truth:  perform   a

test:  detect autocovariance covariance matrix for testing .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  detect   matrix
truth:  compute   compute

test:  loads a configuration file .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  function   return
truth:  default   default

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  helper function: from a string .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  label   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  parse arguments to arguments .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  parse   point
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds some headers to a response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  adds   headers
truth:  cache   cache

test:  take a numpy array of the same size .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  use   use

test:  enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return the osram matrix to return plots .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  return   format
truth:  get   get

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the sql server for the current thread .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  time   time

test:  validate an email addresses .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  iterate over the specified file and passes it as an iterable of terminals .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns a network version if a network exists .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load this module if the logrotate module is available .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  load   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  a banded function that external numbers on a lie? layer .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  converts   repeat
truth:  function   function

test:  return system per-cpu times as a namedtuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   system

test:  helper function for common parse actions that creates a dict .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  parsing   null
truth:  split   split

test:  returns the trace of a vcenter .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  returns   service
truth:  function   function

test:  show a new recent plan .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clones   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  initializes the flash message and return a dict .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  initializes   display
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   a

test:  checks for the node that matches a list of paths .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  like   like

test:  return information about a certain substring with entity entities in the entity defines the file names of a substring .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  transforms   html
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  encode json object to json so that it can be embedded in javascript .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  null   string
truth:  output   output

test:  create a named template instance this method makes a named zone enclosed into a class instance .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test meta cache meta data file from deactivated cache .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  query   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  calculate all package specs .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  setuptools   null
truth:  return   return

test:  exit a config object .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  null   update
truth:  null   section

test:  quote the value for quote .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  null   one
truth:  provides   null

test:  print text .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   print

test:  load path as a tree .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  allow reached or replaces nodes into a list of nodes .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  null   cluster

test:  release a decrement bounded descriptor from the given l{instance} descriptor .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   a

test:  move to the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  extract   move
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stops cassandra against all created application .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  returns the current cache object .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  applies out world .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  applies   bdd
truth:  null   null

test:  encode non-ascii characters as suggested by urllib .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  null   entries
truth:  quoted   return

test:  extract and checks if the version of the given version is in the given version .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  delete images by their images .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  modules listed in a parallel .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  null   test
truth:  return   return

test:  runs all the account functions .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parse a http location into a response http response code and return a python object .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   status

test:  sends the api delete request and acts as a generic url .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an all-ones variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   items
truth:  filter   items

test:  checks if the check check of given check is valid .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  marks a strings as use in a url .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install assets to the config_string .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  instructs   watch
truth:  install   install

test:  test full text for full table .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  unset   null
truth:  if   test

test:  add a model for an bias .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  matches   a
truth:  create   a

test:  verify that the directory is installed and is of .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  verify   nd
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   return
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  merge a config dictionary into a backup instance .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates a single summary of the salt for a stored system .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  generate   salt

test:  generate a new markup number .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  null   source
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  skip a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unfollow   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  speed a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  open   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  remove the fake subdirectories of disk .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  check that the supplied value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test tax class name .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   ordercreator
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  return return value for the pool pool from the given pool .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  filtered   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the directory for a given directory .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in cm to cm in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  get the sum in a segment segment file .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  clean a regex that match url .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  replaces   a

test:  create a boto path .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  create   return
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  if the command line matches the specified name .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  format   lines
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  main program for truncate .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new theme based on release/version context manager .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  run   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a list of best best args: kwargs: kwargs : an integer number of term to return returns: an integer .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compose permission callables .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  compose   null
truth:  support   multiple

test:  delete yank and yank from configuration .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  generate   verbose
truth:  run   run

test:  combines non-ascii portion of pythons pythons numpy implementation to flat .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  makes   row
truth:  write   a

test:  tests that user_id add a new user children .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  retrieving   tests
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  warning: hash function is needed and print the length of here .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  null   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  parses the representation of a spec tag in a spec xml document .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  null   a
truth:  used   callback

test:  get points of coords at coords and use the locations[ .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   corners

test:  parse a string into a float value .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  i]if version of a path .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   number

test:  returns the pid of the process instance for the given pid .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  returns   parent
truth:  process   process

test:  get a module attribute of the documentation with a new name .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the pathname of the docker component of a pathname .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run an instance of sys .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  run   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take string and convert it to debug values .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  make   validate
truth:  function   function

test:  creates and return the link in the url .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  link   link
truth:  make   a

test:  return the scipy laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the suffix for a string .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  find the condition in condition of a set of indices .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extract exception into http frame .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  extract   unpack
truth:  format   format

test:  code that was currently being used instead of twisted or the module if no request is currently active .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of regions for the given region .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  parses   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  attach a cache cache from a cache cache to the cache device(s) .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  load as pkg on freebsd 10 and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a text to a text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  set the given properties on a model and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  set   update
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on windows where windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  works   works

test:  runs a subprocess command and execute a subprocess .
truth: run a command . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  run   a

test:  convert an object to a string using the text encoding .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  null   standard

test:  make sure python set .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  locate   a
truth:  make   null

test:  create a list of libraries from path .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an image available in an image .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   details

test:  decorator for asynchronous code calls .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  converts a long integer from a long integer .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  converts   get
truth:  given   a

test:  generates a temporary file .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  convert string to a string of bytes .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns paths specified .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  remove an email email address .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a newer stream from the stream .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a shortcut to the real attachment handler of a file .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  null   view
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  null   shim
truth:  null   shim

test:  return the shortest basic graph for nodes with small functions .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   tree
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get url for git repository .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  import   url
truth:  opens   null

test:  converts files and use of answers to put them into a flat list of files .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  check   check

test:  compute frac exactly decomposition of a rational rational function .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the calendars response for a calendar .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  given   null
truth:  queries   queries

test:  convert a replacement path to the egg .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   check

test:  set the name of the current filter .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  convert a nzb date to an aware datetime .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   calls
truth:  return   a

test:  module home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  null   home
truth:  view   view

test:  compute the square portion of matrix portion .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  generate   alias
truth:  null   implementation

test:  generate a random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  clean orphaned instances on an instance .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  perform   remove
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   work
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  value   a
truth:  function   function

test:  tests that zero value cannot be created .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate target data for the specified batch of text .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  transforms   binary
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns an empty one and load that into python .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  take a number of graph6 data and write the corresponding arabic expression .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  take   null
truth:  interpret   a

test:  generate random elements of input 0 with the same length as input .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   work
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  returns ordered representation of yaml .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns get data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  get   encode
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns a plot object .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  moving   compute

test:  create a dict with the given platform .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   classes

test:  test pip with two checkout .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  returns a snapshot associated with a given filename .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   dumps
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  return a random item in the table for a user .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  flatten a theano tensor .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  wait for a setting with the given timeout .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  look   request
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  message view changing view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  null   tickets
truth:  null   milestone

test:  determine if shuffler service is available for the app .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  returns   work
truth:  load   load

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  validates the iterables in servers in dicts and produce a value .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  validates   validation
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get the binary services for a given host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  function that return the colums of a input sql query .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  null   n
truth:  function   function

test:  suspend bindings with the cli marked as supported by the command line and returns them .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   core
truth:  load   core

test:  fix an xml tree .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  fixes   checks
truth:  given   null

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   commits
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helps the filepath which only be accessible .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  null   fix
truth:  allows   null

test:  extracts a value from an entity key .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ignore object for given object .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  object   get
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   bson
truth:  encode   bson

test:  return the currently set of shiny version string .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   a

test:  sample flask api from the loading .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  null   shows
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export an alternate container .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   export

test:  return the version number appearing in the file in the given version number .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  read styles from a list of source nodes .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   in

test:  get the datastore batch type .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  update   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that a string is a docker string .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  check that value is file-like and none .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  encodes   helper
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the attribute in the collection for the given path .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  select   null

test:  return a list of available ports available for a specific hypervisor .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  get   figure
truth:  removes   null

test:  checks if player style location is present in the list .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  decorator that checks the user is logged in .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the raw ip address of the current machine .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether the input object is a votable or a votable file object .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  reads   null

test:  testing the output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  testing   output
truth:  output   output

test:  create a tower instance from a worker .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment type k section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   assignment

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the directory path .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  prints any profile .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a multinomial hash .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  given   return
truth:  function   function

test:  returns auth administration status code .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  yield directories for one directory and all its subdirectories .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  the restful handler for course registration code .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  lock   source
truth:  look   null

test:  convert string into a list of clauses .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  string   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  find stats for a set of foreign nodes .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  find   policy
truth:  null   a

test:  test plotting of raw data .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  plotting   estimation
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  process an spaces spaces in a block scalar .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  indentation   indentation
truth:  process   process

test:  compute polynomial exact pseudo-quotient of f and options .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  reduce   f

test:  make sure a backup is not logged in the views .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a base64 encoded floating point number to a file .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  create   html
truth:  create   html

test:  generate operating system packages for sublime selection installed .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  accepts   a

test:  helper function to compute the input length of a convolution operation this function computes the input length along a single axis .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  function   function
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the return the return value of a variable .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  load an http cookie header .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  load   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the given object is a class decorator .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if rhs is in the lhs icons with right line .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check that all plugins are plugins .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  if   checks

test:  developer version of addon page .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  null   template
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test eliot .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  testing   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  i have a step prompt .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  default   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the given course structure for the given course .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether an object is an instance of the rat .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on given acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the currently selected language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  move move a topic to another topic .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  move   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the authentication class .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run extra tests .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  null   run
truth:  test   runner

test:  return true if the channel in the channel is intersecting .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   null

test:  return existing base class .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  used   null

test:  volunteer cluster types controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  null   display
truth:  null   null

test:  generates everything metadata for a occurrece .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  group a group topic detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterates over the hidden service in a file and wait for the hidden documents datastore_name only .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  this primarily exists to make unit testing easier .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  add a default import' object using b@ab .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  model   store
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get a new region backends .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  registers   in
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return the hash for a file in the specified file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  render a document document of a list of wiki syntax .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  return an iterable of the items in the given dict .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  check   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  clade -> a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  generate a xml element in src .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   resource

test:  given a list of data to a key in the json data .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  given   data
truth:  return   data

test:  check if the email for an email address is an email address .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  if   null
truth:  email   email

test:  get all the necessary options which are allocated in the current thread .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  get   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup the component platform .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the kafka value according to the logical configuration .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the optimizer bits for an array of circular values .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  deletes a line from basket .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  helper function to create a resource from the package or installation .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets user timeout with session .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  enable   current
truth:  set   a

test:  get the releases with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an 'discid' key .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  get   get
truth:  search   search

test:  return n integer k such that dlist is a positive integer .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  get new networks or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   a

test:  generate iterations for a given dimension of iterations .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  for python 2 .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  null   return
truth:  is   null

test:  check if a given action is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  returns utf-8 or unicode to utf-8 type .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   encode

test:  the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  formats   sets
truth:  return   a

test:  a logic is handled by old pip info .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  null   null
truth:  requests   requests

test:  iterate over sys .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  iterate   iterator
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for the rotation class with an integer .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  export given variables .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  given   wrapper
truth:  git   git

test:  upload an object to s3 .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  upload   template
truth:  upload   a

test:  fetches pyrax information from server .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  fetches   scan
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  returns an anonymous user id and a most anonymous user id or none .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category object .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  runs standard standard standard namespace and return it .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  null   options
truth:  start   a

test:  setup the dual platform .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create and/or if a directory exists .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load the internal backend .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  load   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  uninstalls   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  take the random rows corresponding to random rows .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  convert   iteration
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   character

test:  get a list of parameters of a provided parameters .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  an iterable selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   type

test:  convert an image to an image object .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   rgb

test:  ensures that the specified user is deleted .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return f centered centered in sparse matrix x : a tensor wcs returns f : theano implementation of sparse wcs + sparse matrix where f should compute the linear celsius
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  convert a numpy array to a castra .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  load   a

test:  get the gcode dataset from the next hypertext .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   read
truth:  get   get

test:  create a url in a url .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  creates   a

test:  get the posix path of the module path .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  get   configure
truth:  initialize   null

test:  formats a network message into a network .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  null   build
truth:  build   build

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   class
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  return the user name and end of the current username or none if no name is specified .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the tag for the given language .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  indices   parses
truth:  use   nltks

test:  create a temporary lookup key for the specified parent .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  copy text object to config_string .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  null   a

test:  converts a power reference to an coords dict .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  converts   copy
truth:  null   utility

test:  if no header .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with &key .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  this html baz" takes an html snippet and prepends it to the end of the given content .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  text   a
truth:  trims   null

test:  get the win32 config file if it exists .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  get   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  generate database with a resource from a stream .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns subtitle extension in the given video name .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  format   a
truth:  get   get

test:  merge the data from one text into another dictionary .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  converts a directory to an classification function .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  converts   functions
truth:  compute   directory

test:  quick useless stabilize@register if only remove one element is more than one .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  join   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check if a file descriptor is mounted .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  if   null
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   multi
truth:  parse   multi

test:  helper function to set a running process .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  set   replacement
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  parse all model_name xml element .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  provided   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  print current json tree and fragment .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  function   protobuf
truth:  command   command

test:  if image is present in the system .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  if   image
truth:  ensure   image

test:  return a relative url to relative url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  helper function to create a tuple containing duplicate values .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  function   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return x times .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the folders created by the path in the u'inputpizz\xe .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decorator factory for handling a single argument validation .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  null   call
truth:  to   decorator

test:  releaseid a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  render a dynamic index and/or a task rule .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  render   run
truth:  generates   a

test:  if locale is not set .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  make   null

test:  check that single space can be used by the fill: operation of the files .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  packs tuples from several varint with shape .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  return a user object from the passed model .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  return   shortcut
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a conda package .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   a

test:  restart the named service .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  run   run

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension name .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  running running compiling signal: name .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  check that the altaz distance works correctly .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  check   repeat
truth:  null   null

test:  covert whatever to a text3d tc .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the partial fdel fdel fdel mask for a plugin .
truth: like @property . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  like   like

test:  get a vote event returning the course_id and the read when deployed .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   vote

test:  return the growing network digraph with x digraph of the graph g .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns whether the cookie cookie is logged in the cookies .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  creates a new device mapping entry .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  generate an object .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  runs   op

test:  example uptime from show version data ftx1000008x is 14 weeks .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  string   string
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  debconf -> struct_time .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  opens the latest certificate from a config file .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  null   null
truth:  do   null

test:  serializes a pickle pickle specifications .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  serializes   a

test:  helper function .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  apply   find
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure the named res[name] is absent name the name of the feature to remove res[name] user to run the host to be absent on behalf .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  make   function
truth:  ensure   user

test:  parse metadata in a pattern .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get a mock path of an absolute path .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by the matrix and delivers attributes .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  rotate   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  return a unicode string with utf if possible .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  return   string
truth:  make   null

test:  return all the unique data on this machine .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure that the specified existing feature is absent name the name of the user; to remove object the qemu-nbd is missing .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  ensure   a

test:  create an model that ensures that no model is supported correctly .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  list   transform
truth:  to   try

test:  convert a file at the given arguments and we want to be on the entire randomsymbols .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  convert   decorator
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  encodes the object quopri and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that the time were cleared correctly .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  verifies   time
truth:  url   url

test:  response decorator that returns a decorator .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  null   view
truth:  turns   a

test:  build the metadata for an instance from the specified instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to run a future .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  run   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns an approximate path for the given creation_sequence .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get rabbitmq obsucfated with no directories .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  list   tps
truth:  drop   directories

test:  replace an int with a unquote string as a single string .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  replace   function
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  helper function for each line in comment and source code .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  string   string

test:  update an esxcli command from the host or list of hosts .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  null   master
truth:  show   status

test:  function to make a zabbix api operation .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  to   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  return a html script in reloading if possible .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  return   setup
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function used for all datasets .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  null   database
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to pickle attempt to retrieve the pickled metadata file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a named file .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  make sure @roles env .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  list   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a string into a base64-encoded version string .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  generate an array representation of the 3d rugplot inputs .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  create   legendre
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify complete section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  setup   section
truth:  complete   null

test:  get scene exceptions that can be used to issue scene .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  like   like

test:  transform unconstrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation to unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer parameters k : array unconstrained parameters of .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  array   in
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return dict containing one program names .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   program

test:  method to replace jsexpose of the decorated function .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check babel language information for a given locale .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return a base class or a class with the same class .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  return   classes
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  strips matching handlers from handlers and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  strips   strips

test:  read the meta of the media descriptor object .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return true if filename has a ebs temporary file .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the "templates" library is properly handled .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  display information about the release about the django django version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   version

test:  return the given :py:class:datetime .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  perform   seconds
truth:  convert   a

test:  rename a new permission name .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  rename   display
truth:  view   view

test:  function of a sequence .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  return data with some more than one .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return virtual memory usage object .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  return   load
truth:  allocate   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   api

test:  compute the ordering of multiplier strings .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  list   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  returns style loss between bases and target_image .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  returns   style
truth:  calculate   style

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  decorator for operation only ever a single argument .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  determine if a object is available for the specified tool .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  provide   a

test:  takes an exception and returns a boolean value from any exceptions that was committed with the same name .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert any numpy array to numeric .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  string   array
truth:  return   a

test:  run commands from start .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  place   arrays
truth:  content   content

test:  parse buttons for length of the beginning of an spaces block device .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  null   download
truth:  parse   a

test:  reorder sample from soft-deleted dataset .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  resample   a
truth:  null   null

test:  read a file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  load   worksheet
truth:  read   read

test:  return a raw value for a large header .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prints usage information and exits with a status code .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  usage   print
truth:  error   error

test:  generate a generator that return a list of nodes .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  read lines read from user setting .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  searches   searches

test:  find the widening centrality using the given source .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  find   null
truth:  search   search

test:  usage: usage chars .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  null   lx

test:  main fixture .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  from github issue dictionary|at:key}} .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the object is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  makes a request .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   function
truth:  makes   a

test:  return true if *uri* is found in given path .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  return   check
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a single byte array to ordinal bits specified in a string to be converted to a ordinal only the number of ordinal byte order .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test that when boolean can be set .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  akaike information criterion or schwarz criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  return the markdown text that will take html chars to .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  return   markdown
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given an rds option group .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  given   check
truth:  to   check

test:  adds a message with the tags level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   attempts
truth:  adds   a

test:  puts a function using the output exit and exit .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  determine if an aws kernel spec .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  provide   return
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete all activation keys from spacewalk .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return nvram information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate the reconstruction update_viewer function for reconstruction given dataset .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  show   show

test:  a helper function to add a bunch of error to a list of pairs .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  null   a
truth:  error   error

test:  helper function to ensure a package is less than a pecl search on location in currencies .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  function   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  socketio a socketio request .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  leaves   a
truth:  return   a

test:  numpy implementation of rational variables .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  returns   variant
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a fits numpy array .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  determine   results
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as x except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  prints a formatted html representation of a comma-separated html .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  return   html

test:  return the current device address .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   mac

test:  list the list of services that owns this minion cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  list   information
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a string to a string .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  optimize to portion of source .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  source   access
truth:  install   composer

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterable of trackinfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns an identity value for a given type .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  function   function

test:  print out the ordered() alignment .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  print   a
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  parse metadata into a hive compatible dict .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  parse   =
truth:  post   post

test:  an expression of gradients .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a unicode object decodes from a unicode string .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  converts   attempt
truth:  guess   guess

test:  pick all commits .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  pick   use
truth:  launch   launch

test:  ensure that a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  install several git failed git if were not running .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  install   file
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  store matplotlib image location .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  call error param using error param .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  context   gcs
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a list of tuples from cookie .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  format   a

test:  setup the backup backup for the given maximum buffer .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  call   up
truth:  sets   up

test:  check user to the latest event loop from the query .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  send   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  attempt to parse the given event json .
truth: given an event . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  given   null

test:  the simp + searcher .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  null   try
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  list all tagger queues .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about a notification about a notification update .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to modify groups to modify .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  takes string with some chars .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  string   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  verify that a python user is installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  wipe two foreign_keys theme theme at once .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  break   join
truth:  join   operation

test:  get the datastore .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   up
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a spanning spanning periodically its name .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   strategy

test:  parse a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  find   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  create a new #32 initialize requests .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  gives   dict
truth:  github   github

test:  transforms union of a security group .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the keyczar crypter object returned by the secrets manager instance getsigner method .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the data received .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a phyloxml file into a dict .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  is   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the amount of indentation where spaces is space .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  used to generate a courses to one set of the entire columns .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  checks barcodes of batches .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator to make a single function always accessible as public spaces .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  read lsm structure from the lsm file and return a tuple of the number .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  reads   name
truth:  read   read

test:  encode attachment using base64 encoded string .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load the aws suite .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  load   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  writes a votable file and an existing directory using the specified votable class or xml file .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   a

test:  returns whether the site configuration is enabled .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the index of the chinese value from a list of numbers .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  return   null
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  equivalent to local path .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  to   version
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if the given path should be matches against the given patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  if   function
truth:  return   return

test:  sets application to the local application .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   uniform

test:  writes datachars to writer .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  retrieves any github anonymous user from the user .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  check to see if the vlan is network for the vlan .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  generator function to generate a single date formats .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  function   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a disk snapshot based on the given path and the new container name .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs suitable for special pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  a toy dict to check a key/value pairs .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  null   null
truth:  print   a

test:  creates the new repository dialog .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  creates   set
truth:  spawn   a

test:  odds -> l-p statement_list function .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  returns action description of an action type .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  if   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   table
truth:  list   table

test:  see url .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  takes a string and returns the corresponding timezone instance .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  adds two numbers if the context is enabled .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  adds   join
truth:  add   a

test:  destroy an instance type .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  marks   instance

test:  adds a repository to a github repository .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  adds   updates
truth:  create   a

test:  issue update statements on behalf of a relationship() which specifies post_update .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  update   update
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get running system client for .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  returns   process
truth:  return   return

test:  get a new revision document .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  determines list of standard order .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create an html dataset .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that column can be loaded .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a memcache sizes that are allowed .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  return   variance
truth:  cache   cache

test:  print a fits file checksum .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  filter   information
truth:  prints   a

test:  internal workflow operation to get an entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   workflow

test:  structurize for imgt formatted entries as record objects .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  breaks   up

test:  return true if the specified server exists cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  return   ping
truth:  save   null

test:  build the str in the given stream of markdown .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  loads   int
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a path name -- given the path -- a relative path notation to the file notation .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  return   a
truth:  split   a

test:  detach an instance from a specified instance .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   a

test:  use this to merge each cursor that are not a list of lists of microseconds items .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  list   entry
truth:  finds   participants

test:  ask for a color .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   serialize
truth:  ask   null

test:  the int n is a positive integer .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  is   null

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  returns a hash digest and hash of the concatenation .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to create a path relative to the provided prefix for the project .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  strip a collection .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of records .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  given   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   replaygain
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  does a string text hexadecimal by creating a given text name y0(z) .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  null   deprecation
truth:  header   header

test:  deletes chkconfig service cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates appropriate database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  chunks   a
truth:  given   a

test:  plot an median strings .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check whether http 'invalid code is a status .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  check   check
truth:  error   error

test:  given a list of list and a list of ids .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   words

test:  convert a value to int .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  determine if a repository is made an admin repository .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  if   return
truth:  detects   null

test:  add the history in incremental .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  add   sets
truth:  indicate   null

test:  returns a dict describing old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   resource

test:  fuzzy configuration file return a list of strings suitable for all servers .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: priority-sorter this plugin allows you to define "weight" on build process .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define binary .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  define   null

test:  swaps two numbers .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  return a list of desktop info for user .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  return   enable
truth:  sets   property

test:  see comments .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  label   helper
truth:  connect   connect

test:  raise a k[x] of equations or ah args: expr : expr instance of expr representing expr .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  solve   cookie
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  return an element from the given cascade .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  return   null
truth:  use   use

test:  return the number of integers that are equal to one .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  utility function to insert the pager .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  function   directory
truth:  list   list

test:  loads ifhasperm file .
truth: open history . 
test:  loads   handle
truth:  open   history

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return the path to the memcache config file .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  return   return
truth:  read   read

test:  get or set the radial 'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' of the current axes .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on webutil systems with macports .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  update the connection to an docker docker docker docker .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  register   docker
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a document from a string .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  single : token | qliteral | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  cross-platform version of the root file .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  null   version
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given virtual machine was found .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to aws id using amazon lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  copy source file into the file .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  source   source
truth:  file   file

test:  safely remove a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  checks that value is one element .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  place   validate
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the 0smoothed noise at the 0smoothed at the given if 2 is currently none .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  launches a dialog for displaying a pair of active about .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  launches   null

test:  install text .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  text   test
truth:  is   null

test:  build the sitemap header for a sitemap node .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   set
truth:  build   build

test:  creates type-specific keys from a document_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  creates   field
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type l2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  add a plot for each axis .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  add   image
truth:  plot   plot

test:  execute an program on a specific port .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  send   send

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  return   return

test:  return a batchwise hub from mod97-test .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  strip generic and filter base_dir .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  strip   parse
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check if cell records use in the cell type .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   return

test:  an idempotent mission version of current request .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  if data_start is negative .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  parse   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a key string into an error key .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  try to get a name from the given object .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  to   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add faces .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   dot
truth:  add   cube

test:  rgb to rgb color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  to   null
truth:  transform   x

test:  find image info in the image and an image name .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  perform   image
truth:  given   a

test:  renders the year page .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   handler
truth:  renders   null

test:  run an eliot cookiejar .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  null   run
truth:  start   a

test:  edit edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  execute a call to finish with the given period of timeout .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  null   program
truth:  null   null

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  alteration   a

test:  parse mount e .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   node

test:  returns the object namespaces for the given xpath .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   volume
truth:  remove   volume

test:  set channel setting for the channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  set   up
truth:  sets   sets

test:  computes the full matrix x based on dense array_like .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  float   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  generates   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  show the same twice should have only one of the first messages .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  read a file .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  converts the given function into a string .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  serializes   list
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  wait for a volume to be updated at the given state .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of websites and length chars .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return 18 without an nltkdemo or more control points .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function is called by an unhandled stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  create   create

test:  should show in platform .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  registered   data
truth:  get   get

test:  create items from db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  a toy view with the instructor status and saves them to a list of post tasks as possible .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  finds   task
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the posted roads request .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the model class of the given app_label .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  return   return
truth:  fetches   a

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a list if it does not raise an error if it exists .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all associations that are present in a given qos_specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the escaped html content based on the rich_text flag .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  renders   html
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  encodes unicode string to bytes .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  unicode   encode
truth:  null   quote

test:  format a datetime object for display .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   object
truth:  format   a

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a certain security group group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  fetches   information

test:  returns a collection from completed exploration for the provided exploration .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup a database .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  the their censure censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for expected values provided .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  importing   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  upload project to current env .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  upload   settings
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  return a valid credentials defined by the user .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  return   check
truth:  get   credentials

test:  creates a service name for the current service .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  return   service
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  reading   run
truth:  run   run

test:  sends a message to inform an admins message to complete .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  test the unroll of a single dimension input .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  approximate   a
truth:  test   test

test:  try to find out what logical artifact 1 on user .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  to   get
truth:  grab   drac

test:  return the path specified as an svn command .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated from the evaluated as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  receive notification signal and sets the notification subscription as a push .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  receive   course
truth:  sends   a

test:  check if a file is a binary file .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  running testing .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  testing   mail
truth:  uses   uses

test:  take a task with acoustid for root_symbols from the task .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  dictionary   returns
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as subtd on subtd dir .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  calling   null
truth:  does   null

test:  creates a program for an action which can be used inside the action .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  like alloca_once() .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  update an terms of terms to the given footer or a new one .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  validate   application
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the jobs for all active jobs .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  returns   jobs
truth:  get   a

test:  compute single kernel between an array without copy and a .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return the items in data .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  descend   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a namespace is valid within profile_image_names .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  setup   work
truth:  destroy   a

test:  sign the plotly run for functions with good whitespace .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  avoid   sign
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of applicable types .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  iterates over the execution key in a partial buffer .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  merge   in
truth:  map   map

test:  insert workers in the passed table .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  insert   split
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  get the number of field]if date between a collection .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  get   year
truth:  returns   a

test:  read a jid graph .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  read   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  a decorator to cancel a call to return before passing with a timeout; function .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  perform metagenomeseqs css normalization on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  perform   metagenomeseqs
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  generate a list of paths to represent tests .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  run   commands
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if a number is less than a human readable string .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  given   strip
truth:  function   function

test:  a simple filtering to insort .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  inserts   return
truth:  insert   item

test:  print out the cloud storage stack .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  traverse   setup
truth:  required   items

test:  return the push registry registry .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  return   return
truth:  push   push

test:  check if all the example entries in the command line .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  if   ip
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get a volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  function to load a dsa template name in the passed question @todo: remove all of the data in a given question name to their python code .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  function   code
truth:  get   get

test:  composes the arguments to sort section of an entry in a list of possible pairs of scenarios arguments .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   a
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   a

test:  utility method to check if the django django configuration was enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  null   configuration
truth:  check   check

test:  update a user for a specific password .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  get   display
truth:  prompts   null

test:  move swap a certain character .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  sign   null
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the distrib number of distrib .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test equalization of channels .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   dipole
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the raspberry switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  add   add

test:  generate edges in a depth-first-search to an children of source .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  source   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  for network markers .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  should result socket on given host but not operations on a socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  null   socket
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all instances or raise an instance .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  see pull request objects first search for each item in s .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  see   null
truth:  depth   depth

test:  function .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get all models for this machine .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return utf-8 encoded string to utf-8 unicode objects .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  return   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find all diffmods information in module module .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  find   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  stop the geonode 'geoserver' .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  strips / spaces at least two spaces .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  input   return
truth:  input   input

test:  given a location .
truth: given a location . 
test:  given   chunks
truth:  given   a

test:  add orbits in total_size:1g .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   orbits

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   start
truth:  stop   a

test:  simple alarm handler for entity .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  check   a
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  linker   load
truth:  linker   linker

test:  simulates multiple aws arguments .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   argument

test:  return qurl input .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns an ordered object from the given name .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  name   name

test:  facility' custom resource headers .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  project   custom
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  checks if the theme is currently active if it was active .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  activate   sets
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of stored configuration .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the quotation comment separated by rfc 2068 header .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  parse   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  return a list of image ips and their private data .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  register   method
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from containerbroker before the x_container_sync_point[12] columns were added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforexsync .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  i have sent a following in the following in the body: name: mr .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  have   i

test:  find all words in the trie .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sanitize -> str convert a string to a python one .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  sanitize   method
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all modules containing name from defined app settings .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  parse a value of bson .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator to exit a function from debug mode .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  to   null
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  print out the information for the given node .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   python
truth:  print   print

test:  initializes a student to initiate a student request .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  initiate   fetch
truth:  manage   null

test:  a type representation of the native type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  null   callbacks
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  return wave object from a file .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  return   in
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  sending a room to the foo exchange .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  send   attempt
truth:  sending   message

test:  validate the gradient metadata .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  validate   sum
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  plot the legend with a dag in the given show .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   show
truth:  plot   plot

test:  filter students with students changes .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  given   a

test:  convert mysql encoding to a char-like ms sql command .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get list of ssh files .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  list   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  execute a package from a remote shell .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  creates a random random key .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  inverse of num_nodes .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   approximation

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  null   response
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   null
truth:  learns   null

test:  return a dict of information for each element in the designated dir .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  return   update
truth:  list   current

test:  check if the given query on the given name is a query class .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  generate a directory to the plugin e .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  find all .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  find   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  matches inspired from packages .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders fields in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   fields
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating page uri in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  returns a course enrollment object .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  determine the path for a given filename .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  args tid: thread id data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for tid work .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   args

test:  return the egg for distribution .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the vmdk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  features should have at first tags .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   feature

test:  return the data for a strswapmid field .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  null   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the windows kernel path name from a ctypes file name .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  get   a
truth:  use   windows

test:  check the two strings and replace the appropriate author masking .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  evaluates   course
truth:  if   check

test:  get the network object from the destination cluster .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  get   return
truth:  gets   reference

test:  make sure we dont crash if an exception is called .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef property or properties .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  test that every doctest we can check on a docstring .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  test   test
truth:  raises   null

test:  render jinja2 environment with jinja .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  render   imports
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  converts a unicode key to a dict .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  associate path with the given path and .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  get   path

test:  try to parse a position from a position .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  returns   l
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  return a list of all security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  return   security
truth:  fetches   a

test:  updates field trees .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  update one user email address .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  update   checks
truth:  change   primary

test:  pmf a value from a list of keys .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   distribution

test:  return a standard code for a given request .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  to   null
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return a version of a one of the highest version .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  prints files under path .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  results   a
truth:  null   null

test:  plot a trace for each observation in the time .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check the given list of terms in terms of 0 .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  check   a
truth:  reduces   a

test:  main entry point for the application script .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  null   null
truth:  display   display

test:  process all volumes in a generic volume id .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  process   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  helper to make a copy event created when an anonymous copy is set .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  archive   archive

test:  convert integer to positive string .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  cast   a

test:  return the api time calls for the highest limit .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a resource servers to a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  return a client instance .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the hash for the colorized window .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  return   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  delete messages from the session and use in the post context .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  get   get

test:  send email after adding email that the process emails is sent to the list of smtp email .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is used .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the query afterwards * this tamper script works
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  this should run within all network model .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  train   update
truth:  importing   null

test:  creates an enabled backend .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  null   redirects
truth:  gets   null

test:  adds a setting value to the same shape but not contain a new settings .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  store   null
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of an array along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  null   softplus
truth:  transposes   a

test:  puts() should prefix output with env .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create the approximate orthogonal proto .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  display   display

test:  truncates a string after spaces .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a list of template names from a particular template .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  to   a
truth:  given   a

test:  a decorator to be a method on an add .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  to   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  fab -h username@host deploy:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  mark a randbelow value as not supported in range .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get the circular directories others .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create the template tag codes .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   send
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the clique ring of each clique .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  defines   a

test:  generate an html message helper function to handle the given status code .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  get a recipient connection .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  get   null
truth:  send   a

test:  add node nodes to the full path .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  dot product of numpy .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  null   derivative
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  the restful handler for invoice invoice invoice .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  returns a search object .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse multiple options and return appropriate for the options .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  split   split

test:  list the files that have been 'status']cmd .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  package   package

test:  replaces group literals into different string .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  takes   version
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  find out the given field and return the exit field instance .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  find   process
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return an aware timezone from a datetime object .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  return   function
truth:  generating   a

test:  generate hexadmecimal md5 hash of a given file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  make lenimport for catch duplicate code .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  make   a

test:  associate volume types with specified qos specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  associate   volume

test:  return the [width sphere coordinates .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  return   escape
truth:  convert   convert

test:  transliterate unicode characters to ascii .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  unicode   unicode_data
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  register pelican signal for validating content after it is generated .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  register   register
truth:  calls   calls

test:  parse the long .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses a fuzzy setting .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing a git clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  freezing   null
truth:  freezing   test

test:  regression test for tuple from array master or numpy array with included where just to convert the values are same as input to emulate .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  check   logs
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers of the given model and object_id according to the given httpresponse -- but only if the given httpresponse object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  compute the state of state-action r .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  compute   algorithm
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a store object and returns the start object .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a code that links to a code or a string .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a number of web number of urls recursively that differ from f .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  get the query_string object .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   secrets
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  updates comment method .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  test that the string representation of root .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  add or remove the specified role .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  add   install
truth:  install   install

test:  check if the given action is a valid action name .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  if   return
truth:  compile   option

test:  get solid output by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  convert an ipv4 address in packed representation to packed address .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  convert   server
truth:  extract   information

test:  return load information from an vms based on the filtering .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  return   proxmox
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return absolute path to modules .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  return   install
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for commutativity transforms .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  used   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  list a file or raise an error if the specified key does not exist .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  return   load
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns the value of a notfound match the argument .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve engine info from candidate by the candidate api .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  remove nzb on nzb .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add pixels to the pixel table .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  make a python function from a class records .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  make   read
truth:  to   try

test:  power-on suspend .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   set
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the get view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   subitems
truth:  get   subitems

test:  convert a unicode string to unicode string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  decode   a

test:  for testing .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update addons+collections download totals .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   upload
truth:  update   collections

test:  return a timer output of the ignored output .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  ask a question; to one of the answer if the answer is yes .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   a

test:  matrix trace .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  function   expr
truth:  trace   trace

test:  ensure other drivers works on revamped .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  null   uninstalling
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a dictionary of key to use by name .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in po files in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  validate if a loop can be logged in the config .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  if   ancestor
truth:  if   check

test:  this function is called from aws .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  test   run
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a files to a temporary files .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   digest

test:  calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  classify random 16x16 color images into 2 classes using logistic regression with convolutional hidden layer .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  parse a python object into a stream .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  use ycols .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  return   flask
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a boolean containing python hook object .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create the virtual disk spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  create   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  enable the specified container agent to be enabled .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a tuple mask which can be used in a particular int .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  specified   get

test:  remove a passed structure from the longer effectively records .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  solves convolution of a stack of 2d ordering of size ordering .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  patch startservice so that they check the previous state first .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  patch   startservice
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test unique function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   box
truth:  test   cube

test:  update an existing inventory from json .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  import   part
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne "checkerboard" .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  checks for a line is installed and should work properly .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  look   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  packs a datetime-typed property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   null
truth:  packs   a

test:  return a summary of the given parameter in a file-like object .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check xml hashed xml document .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  parse   check
truth:  parse   parse

test:  handle the application error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  translate a dict into a dict of emissions ids .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  translate   add
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get the django user .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  caching   null

test:  create a client that ensures that the control client can be used by the given test .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  create an instance of retrieving for a list of arguments in opencl .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  create   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract the exponentent bit from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  iterate over all the globfind nodes in a directory .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  iterate   remove
truth:  finds   null

test:  test x line with a simple empty serie .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  test   check
truth:  null   null

test:  add an image in disk .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  null   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  confirm text info should show a log file .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  text   a
truth:  inform   null

test:  converts db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  db   enable
truth:  db   db

test:  test to ensure that line produces a duplicate list of raw data .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  given   test
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as confusion .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  returns   label
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts 3d rectangular cartesian coordinates to spherical polar coordinates .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return true if there is at least one of the given orm .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a toplevel toplevel response with the specified master and master .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the demo binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that the in-db index are marked as changed after the on-disk file ceased to exist .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  updates   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  given a compiler compiler module .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  create   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  saves users from node to the source on the node tree .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  user|system|common|dynamic comma-separated question key path .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  update   up
truth:  null   method

test:  restart a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  add   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test bandwidth with and without zero mean .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   confidence
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return a explicity config file which is going to ignore the local config .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  return   script
truth:  read   read

test:  test that various inheritance can be used correctly which dont adding multiple own class .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return path to empty cache file name .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update remotes configuration file .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  update   remotes
truth:  execute   a

test:  get sessions for writing expired list .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  get   up
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the comment tag for this tag .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  internal implementation of inspect .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  null   minimum
truth:  given   a

test:  collect common important integers .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  collects   null
truth:  solve   equation

test:  helper function to remove headers from the response headers .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  function   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  simple usage usage .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  null   a
truth:  simulate   a

test:  return a branch of git commits of a branch .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  set the profile level based on the configuration provided .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  set   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a logging operation should not use the same logger .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   test
truth:  logging   logging

test:  return the periodogram based on a spectrogram matrix x .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read old style replace supported by filename from *url* .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  read   update
truth:  replace   replace

test:  add a delete service cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  tell worker(s) to election .
truth: hold election . 
test:  start   null
truth:  hold   hold

test:  test if a python file exists .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   python

test:  attempt to uninstall current machine via windows activation cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  process   attempt
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  converts a matrix to a matrix of matrices into sparse matrices matrix load .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a number of items to a task .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  determines   number

test:  social using our messages .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  using   messages
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for permission requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  inserts the given fragment into the destination .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  inserts   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  iterates through or get users on key .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  does   generator
truth:  get   get

test:  stop all variables .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get a list of private ips .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  check to see if the ca certs file does not exist .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns true if y is a pair .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  disable mask in the same length .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  mask   returns
truth:  take   a

test:  try to verify a key from a dictionary .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  to   validate
truth:  sets   sets

test:  make small slices of two input values .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  int   elements
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  the last line available on each line .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  null   return
truth:  splits   a

test:  extend dispatch view .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  list the host data that should be removed after a given port .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  returns   stop
truth:  defined   list

test:  filter color of triple .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  color   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a decorator for http_date to wrap a function .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check if it is valid .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  checking   checks
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return true if a and b are equal .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   scipy

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  indicates   null

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  returns project limit status until its length is set to much limits .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  if   value
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  gets time from zone or aware datetime and time .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  time   time
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a universal tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the bucket from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if bucket was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if bucket was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  given   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  equate the internal points by prefix .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  process   process
truth:  equate   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  null   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  register the plugin expectation .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  some pure testdir .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  imports an object after the command given an object .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  imports   user
truth:  sets   sets

test:  renders html template with context .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  render   render

test:  insert an object to an iterable .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  read   x
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  return a reasonable tool shed keys from tool or a string .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  a document to parse and store it in a document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   helper

test:  upload data into a report summary using reportstore .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   highstate
truth:  upload   executive

test:  for each file in the directory .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  unzip   null

test:  mock a mock file .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  test server; property should always be able to cause any base classes .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  providing   sets
truth:  to   null

test:  check a version is available with version of null .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  delete a filter .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  query   query

test:  create symmetrical log locator with default subs =[1 .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   null
truth:  log   log

test:  return the matrices matrix to pieces with g .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the configuration and return an asus-wrt scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list contents of a commit .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  list   a
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get vector3 output from attribute dictionary .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   triangle

test:  create a generic resource resources for the specified resource .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  returns   way
truth:  return   return

test:  read count 64-bit float using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  a synonym for the :meth: .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   synonym

test:  retrieve a dns ip .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  retrieve   ip
truth:  list   current

test:  get messages for doc .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  create   s
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests we can train a dataset with projectionlayer autoencoder .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  if data .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  if   interfaces
truth:  return   return

test:  only return if python-etcd is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer integer integer integer .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  convert projections function of the first kind and optionally z .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  common code to change a users password before common to change a users password change .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the verisure component .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  checks whether the password given a password .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  insures   null

test:  returns stdin time in httpserver .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  returns   run
truth:  null   program

test:  return a list of zones in the given country code .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  return   set
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve of just about the bcache .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  null   filesystem
truth:  return   return

test:  run 1 .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  testing   test
truth:  test   wether

test:  given a floating point points .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  iterate   version
truth:  encodes   a

test:  return true is job is enabled successfully .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an folders in range .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the path to the tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   sdists
truth:  build   sdists

test:  get all attachment types .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return inverse 1 .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  return   probability
truth:  function   function

test:  load shared for given condition .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  default   xfail
truth:  list   list

test:  then extract scenarios tags .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  extract   attributes
truth:  clean   up

test:  return the result of data that corresponds to the given *indices* .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  return   return
truth:  build   a

test:  save all old page classes .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  null   prefix
truth:  checks   page

test:  copy a list of objects into one big play method .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient methods that alter the default credentials credentials are required for this decorator .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  for virt should be handled based on profile value .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  null   set
truth:  default   default

test:  find a template code in the given re .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  find   function
truth:  return   a

test:  return a new interpolating commit time along with the sympy mean of the given axis .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  return   null
truth:  move   move

test:  compute l2 norm of a matrix .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   variables

test:  test that rendred test matrix when baselined is run .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  test   test
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  fetches a list of all keypair for a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator which exempts the function from nickname and hostname blocking .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inject custom aws deploy commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  save   null
truth:  called   null

test:  this function computes the sorted order of circular hypergeometric 1 .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  find   clone
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a template and uses it to read from the footer .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  takes   sign
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy all source code in a given target .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   source
truth:  copy   a

test:  test a test - verify multiple nested field options .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns a list of last line titles .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  returns   line
truth:  read   read

test:  returns whether or not given value is a strings .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check a m[p] and use the m[p] containing the points to compute the points .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  find   numbers

test:  a helper method to get a specified version .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert numbers to ascii number .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a role for a user to a domain or user .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a fused compound .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   data

test:  called after building the site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  return a list of examples from a file .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  test   calculate
truth:  loads   mr

test:  return the similarity of two strings by ft_library_setlcdfilter .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  generate a pip overall range for the given pair .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns an absolute path relative to $bindir .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the pcap a service with the specified name .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  reverse data for root section .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  reverse   return
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that formats datetimes .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   a

test:  callback for key=value pairs .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  return a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a static item from the auth .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   checks
truth:  build   a

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  upgrade packages with pkg_delete(1) upgrade .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  remove   upgrades
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a view that uses a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  clean up a function .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  url   url

test:  add a anchor box to a : portion .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  is   attempt
truth:  surround   ax

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   cast

test:  assert that the given mask and expected value in arr are equal to the same as a mask .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  test   test
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on color(s) .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the process status of the process .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validate the given query and interface for the addrfam interface .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  only load if the esxi execution module is available .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  add   entry
truth:  update   entry

test:  find user headers in the given headers dict .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  takes   a

test:  given a list of input values .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  given   replace
truth:  simplify   a

test:  move the bound and move it into the index .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  source   set
truth:  text   text

test:  calculate the vm model model with a new uuid .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  converts   standard

test:  greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  add messages to post messages .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  list   git
truth:  apply   action

test:  get the power types for an image type .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  get   validate
truth:  if   check

test:  run the given callables one after the other .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  custom base score for certain base score .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  null   format
truth:  bins   bins

test:  returns the path to the right command line .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  registers a sorted list of license ids .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set default app as expecting request .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  set   result
truth:  setup   worker

test:  return full version tuple as a tuple .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given an arbitrary object .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  chunks   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the node for fullname .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a mock bindings querystring with objreg .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  like np .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  like   null
truth:  like   like

test:  regression test for url .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  test   data
truth:  null   null

test:  include in filters matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   cluster
truth:  include   include

test:  test latitude validation .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   slug
truth:  test   latitude

test:  returns a dictionary of info['fields'] .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  returns   process
truth:  parse   a

test:  register a new instance .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  register   value
truth:  null   method

test:  recursive routine to compute the first column verified over a set of indices .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   group

test:  return the context manager that isnt uris an object .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a pretified instance of string1 keywords .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  create   events
truth:  config   key

test:  loads all character references from a different string .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  create   a

test:  convert value to a calendar .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  value   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  the factorial to factorial of order n .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tests retrieving delete methods .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  converts the missing table to a clsid .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  fix   return
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the list of index names and wrapped with the given index name from the list of strings .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  gets   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  extract encryption id .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   a

test:  stop the container .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   plaintext
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  calculate the hash code and hash for a buffer .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  wraps a topics topics with a cascading property name .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  create   a

test:  internal method to update the timestamp into the same way .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon transfer code to google cloud transfer .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  'request search response to be ordered by the request .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  search   security
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  flatten an iterable or iterable into iterable .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  nested   null

test:  create an undirected sequences that are useful to track the training values from the training .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  adds an element field with the provided field and return the list of field instances .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure we can compile functions with &key .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a trace contents of a given component .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  take   null

test:  compute connectivity from distances in a positive numpy array .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   connectivity
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  fetch context set .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   registration
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return a validator that raises an data .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  generate fitness for a sequence of int .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  null   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  when using python 2 .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  null   utility

test:  check that last updated here data has running this function called for all minions .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  check   info
truth:  if   null

test:  login the given repository with a new cl .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  executes   entry
truth:  log   in

test:  convert a message object to an protobuf message object .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function returns a pattern for a specified pattern .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  clears any microsite configuration .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the next graphs if graphs is open .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   graph

test:  adds the contents of a argument to a triple .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the closest layer .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  given a string to an iri .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  given   escape
truth:  apply   html

test:  just here .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  call   import
truth:  bundled   load

test:  drops the database version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  establish   objects
truth:  print   databases

test:  'errortolerancesmustbenon-negative' -> r^1 test function .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read redun from a sequence of step ctrl-c .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  text   text

test:  add to areal test size .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  find   null
truth:  test   test

test:  take a number of composite numbers .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create an rpc object for a blob .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  create   a
truth:  signs   a

test:  change the given layer .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a status cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a checksum from the database string like so: since this function is a valid -1 .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the permission filter percent for a given user from an item .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  check if a server exists .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  update config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  config   add
truth:  null   section

test:  make the python data for each event given by the given date and timestamp .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  null   event

test:  return two tests this is used for a setup function .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  display all output values from invalid input .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   output
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level implementation of chebyshev polynomials of the 1st kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decorator for creating the correct case where the class will be ignored .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  check if a user is valid in the name and returns a handle with the given name .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  check   change
truth:  change   change

test:  set the current value in the entire server configuration .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  set   a
truth:  change   change

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  if a value is a enum instance .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  if   numbers
truth:  describe   null

test:  fetch attributes of value .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  fetch   attribute
truth:  perform   a

test:  store a config .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  writes   updates
truth:  store   information

test:  sample of distorted by iqr based on a message-id .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  null   temporary
truth:  generates   null

test:  checks if host is valid that is a valid email or loadable .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  if   attempt
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a package and exit functions .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  return   add
truth:  add   a

test:  given a nulls object .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  converts   serializer
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  creates a warning on every request .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   temporary

test:  copy environment variables pass in environment and update any environment variables .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  to   null
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the given uri is a urn urn query .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  generate sure that prime is needed correctly found in a list of vector3s .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   num
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decrypt a base64 encoded string .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  setup the available provider_id property platform .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  return notes: information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to get an passed spec .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a tuple instance .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  resets   a

test:  generate classified macros determining latex in latex format .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  coordinates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test snr computation computation .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  a context manager which changes a temporary path and throw an instance of a come exception .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   a
truth:  adding   context

test:  load an image from a url .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  load   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  simple command-line program for a virtual machine to start the virtual machine in a virtual server .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  let   null

test:  returns a datetime object from a datetime .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a child entry backend backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a multi-line structure to a timezone key .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  null   coefficient
truth:  null   null

test:  create warning sensor .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  lowercase   directory
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  transform lists to proper arguments .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  transforms   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wrapper around delete items from database .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  null   virtual
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud dns .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parses info describing a single blob info from the screen .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parses   information
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare the list of files that can be run a specified filename .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  files   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given an struct code .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test that a number is different than lists .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  test   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  wait until a power is enabled .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  add   sets
truth:  request   power

test:  get the current user name .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  return   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an int to a standard python identifier format .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  read a 32-bit 32-bit key .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  null   read
truth:  count   count

test:  add glance metadata for specified volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  add   a
truth:  update   update

test:  connect a client to a client .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  connect   connect
truth:  test   test

test:  check that something an empty string to a human-friendly .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   expression

test:  return true if the disk file is free .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  return version of pants .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds a function to the given flipwritable to stubs .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  kill bcache .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  null   ansi
truth:  null   null

test:  based on url successfully .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  based   null
truth:  nested   merge

test:  writes a new equals line and converts it into the current line .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  enter   null

test:  returns a slug on a name which is unique within a models table .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  strip the schema that match a schema .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  strip   null
truth:  strip   strip

test:  create and attach a node to a python object .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   add
truth:  create   a

test:  fixture providing a github url .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  capturing   null
truth:  configure   class

test:  remove xml id from the encoded string .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  string   str
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  obtain an http cookie from the request .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  given   a

test:  find wcs and pass in a given function .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   a

test:  default arguments parsing for resizes .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  make   a

test:  return an order for a list of comparing throught .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  recursively yield s3 and all items from nested rings .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   iterator

test:  check if an controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  if   search
truth:  search   search

test:  safely debconf realizations .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the absolute geometric map of a and b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   relation

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  signal handler for a basket variable in a context variable .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  null   bind
truth:  tag   tag

test:  parameters s : indeterminate of noise examples .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  test performance of saturation function .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  squares   test
truth:  color   color

test:  return an iterator by eliminating the factory function occured over the iterator .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  new function use isinstance() .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  aux function to display string for opentype table characters .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  function   function
truth:  formats   formats

test:  get a mock response from 'good .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  get   sets
truth:  mock   mock

test:  return a dict with data for a form .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  null   mode
truth:  null   mode

test:  check if a config value is valid .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel in a package .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  test   pip

test:  test adding an s3 binary data which is only used by the rest framework given the correct path .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  generate   fixture
truth:  to   function

test:  return field definition class for a given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   field
truth:  return   field

test:  set set up general->editor to a small python script inserting text .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  for this static files to an integer tuple of datetime object .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create a virtual users name the permission to be present .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  create   users
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the file paths for the provided plugin .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  open   get
truth:  get   get

test:  json a request to http server .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  reports   a
truth:  put   put

test:  returns the index of an array along an axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  returns   force
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  like |safe but supports classes .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  like   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  read the ssh data from the file .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  read   generator
truth:  reads   null

test:  this makes a string using accepting mill mill key from a dictionary of replacements .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  takes   whitespace
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dtlz2 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  render a list of posts .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  null   add
truth:  -   -

test:  given an exploration id .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  given   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check message from stack .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  check   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  youdon'thaveaccesstothis denied .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  handle   view
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for a handler that will reach an qos qos .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  null   rule
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder for static folder edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  edit   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  flatten the partition response to numchunks .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  like   return
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  gets a path to a binary digest file .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  return   size

test:  create a instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  extract a range from a list of units defined in the same format .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  extract   parses
truth:  get   get

test:  this method is registered with all the searching functions and last opened .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  provider rule .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  template   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  test   fit
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a path to a 3d image .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  import a package .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a django django django .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  return   null
truth:  install   django

test:  read the compiled pyglet config .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  default   null
truth:  set   gl

test:  if its current working specified .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return a private attribute of a property type .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   null

test:  for python 2 .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add the palette .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  add   install
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  load a tensor using a tensor and add it to error .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  check   number

test:  return the sum of a list .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  null   value
truth:  usage   usage

test:  a helper function for docs: .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   version

test:  wrapper for aws step .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if current color is enabled correctly .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  if   operators
truth:  return   a

test:  start the trace function where the first execution fails .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  exists   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should take the tables from a step .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the directory path specified in the file in directory py module .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  reverse the binary long long integer n .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  reverse   bit
truth:  display   n

test:  copy the chunk of discarded chunks based on chunk of spaces .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  given   copies
truth:  returns   a

test:  determines the version of a version .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  make a full features .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  setup the lightening sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  generates a random integer .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return an tar location of module names from this process .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  return   try
truth:  to   try

test:  return the configured service .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  return   home
truth:  get   get

test:  output a file .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  null   intersections
truth:  null   manager

test:  return columns that will be used to create a dict of columns .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   data

test:  build a url from a url .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   a

test:  common done for continued generators .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  set   configuration
truth:  setup   setup

test:  release all available lock for the amazon lock data .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  acquire   null
truth:  release   release

test:  render a template into template .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  render   display
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate network with key or raise if it does not exist .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  return   project
truth:  associate   a

test:  render a due representation of a template page .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  render   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type l2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  return the virtual environment .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  return   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a summary of the given object .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  name   set
truth:  function   function

test:  load a data object from the given data .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  load   return
truth:  read   data

test:  get the manifest manifest for a given package .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  get   shortcut
truth:  null   routine

test:  sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends session .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creates multiple closest pairs from a datetime .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the course_id and loacl discussion type and loacl course_id .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an xrds document from the given document .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns acl name of given project .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  returns   project
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge two result into a single database .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  null   method

test:  only load if libguestfs python bindings are installed .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch the image members for this target .
truth: grab image . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  grab   image

test:  send an features to all features .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  send   send
truth:  sends   a

test:  bounce the traffic_manager process and the cluster on the local node .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  reset   traffic
truth:  bounce   null

test:  listen function that returns the cursor to the current event buffer .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  function   a
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a query object according to the specified name .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  create   null
truth:  make   a

test:  return the json dataset which should be used to update the json dataset .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  read   in

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   type

test:  calculates the values from an array or a list of intervals .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  calculates   alias
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  a helper function for getting a key .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  only creates partial differential equation information .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  used   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of strings that contain globally or off a string products on the system .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   set

test:  produce subplots colorbars with rectangular extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  convert a setting label or a human readable memory .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  take   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  regression test for issue 3358 .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  test   calling
truth:  test   test

test:  remove a newly rules .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  create   information
truth:  check   check

test:  return epoch .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  attaches a new disk to the given disk or from a given disk .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  return   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  returns the string representation of unicode .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  null   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns a function f from the original function f .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a wait_time: array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper method to do a request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a row of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  returns whether a path is a path .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple case test types .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  is called after every pylab drawing command .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   performance

test:  return a dict .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a list of filenames which can be found in the list of files and to fix .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to skip a test if skip a filesystem is only if skip is only if the decorated test .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return leading python levels from f .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  gcd   exclude
truth:  include   include

test:  turns a list of var2 names into one of the arguments .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  turns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a human-readable term to a raw term or common bytes .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   term

test:  return list of images names .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the managed correlation matrix for use in fdrcorrection process parameters ar : float value was just a <script> group .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  returns   calls
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  setup the specific initialization tasks from the database .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  setup   precision
truth:  needs   null

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to a keyfile device using the ssh connection .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   method

test:  apply data to styles using wink parameters .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  set   example
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return the vms id to use .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  it should extract the length scenarios .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  use   null
truth:  null   feature

test:  returns a string for use in a ignorable .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   root

test:  check to see if the user can successfully return a boolean on a user .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check the given code is a description .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  null   null

test:  get the bitmap for the given image .
truth: return blit . 
test:  get   up
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to get the temporary directory from the object .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  function   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  creates cross loss encoding for dense sparse model .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  move   exception
truth:  adds   null

test:  perform any conditional ordereddict to determine the current tanh kernel .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  perform   sample
truth:  return   inverse

test:  only runs on freebsd systems .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all the backups inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  outside a test for a given proportion this is just a conditional set of floats .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  slices   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  concatenate an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   extension
truth:  null   extension

test:  returns the getcdlistdir directory containing the path specified by the directory .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   current

test:  test variance for invalid category can be initialized .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   values

test:  return tuple of globals objects .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining default strings .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set new video subtitle subtitle .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   new
truth:  set   new

test:  read all of the command line records from a remote location .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  read   in
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  convert a boto3 cpu to seconds .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   restart
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extracts a string representing a package name from a package .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  import   a
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the profile for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  import and return module to enable other than a module .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   returns
truth:  import   import

test:  compute sample values of two probability expressions can be iterated .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  compute   distance
truth:  return   cosine

test:  set up & run a publisher to render from an existing document data structure with file-like object tree data structure using its string .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  set   up
truth:  return   return

test:  downloads a file or a directory containing the excluded extentions keyword argument may be given .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  adjust   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  you can assign system folders without flags can have a role .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  test   version
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the text .
truth: return the text . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  get   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  send notification to inform observers for a given user_ids .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  send   email
truth:  renders   null

test:  return text for allocated encoded bytes .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  text   return
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that the raid is present .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  null   value
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a dict with the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  replaces symmetric .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   word

test:  wrapper around os .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  function   null
truth:  make   directories

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file and return an iterator over exactly one entry .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  helper function to convert booleans to a and b .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  function   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  set the learning variable in the current thread .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  encode the given string to json objects .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  object   object

test:  return the name of the job with the given name .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  set the powerpath list of 'cnf .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  put to generate a single resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   post

test:  generates a standard sql hash with the given hash and returns a string .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  return shared variable with the given number of shared by adding the current to cudandarraytype .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  return   standard
truth:  initialize   a

test:  takes a list of files or a directory and an absolute path .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  file   file

test:  return a function that returns memory usage .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  simulate   a

test:  a method to make sure the first two terms of arrays separator for numpy array items from the first .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  construct the url with the specified path .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  set the global value of the subprocess to use .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  collect image to the standard error .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize a new random variable with the data passed in rng .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  return   a

test:  replace some cases exceeds assignments .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  is   null

test:  call a function without given traceback .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  call   a
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: inject-passwords publish ignored to determine if there are any build .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the colormaps for the specified colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  provides   matplotlib
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new schema elsewhere server in the specified host .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  build   a

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  debugging   debugging
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  return true if the object is a class method .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize the home assistant server name .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  set   service
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  creates an output batch of the shape given the shape oscillator this function computes the shape and output size - p_0 used for no dimension of the null point size
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  null   output
truth:  apply   a

test:  yaml: parent widget does there are no parent .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a single single single table by invoking test .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  null   data
truth:  pull   pull

test:  remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  format a utc decimal behavior to a utc decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart httpd .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  build the source http response from student given python data .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  build   a

test:  guess the data sampled url .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  copy   copy

test:  perform the truly edit links on behalf of templates .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  perform   routine
truth:  list   list

test:  output to the user from a backend .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  default   redirect
truth:  cut   cut

test:  only work on darwin .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  set   work
truth:  work   work

test:  ensures roles contains admin key according to target in this context .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test column column = frac{1}{1 * url .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a particular pattern matches one of the given pattern .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  to   return
truth:  match   data

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   root
truth:  get   names

test:  create a test module if the passed name is not supported .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  create   return
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  save a destination rule .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  existing   up
truth:  create   create

test:  return true if flags is a function takes the arguments passed to queryset .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add :func:subprocess to dicts: in the graph .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  add   null
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  pack tcpip to use the data vdi .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  float   function
truth:  pack   pack

test:  returns true if the value is not leading boot hash .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return a bool value for a service .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  validates   returns
truth:  null   invariant

test:  plot the bottom in a table .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  fix twice .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  fix   checks
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a generator to generate chunks of depth .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  return   null
truth:  post   post

test:  add a new figure to an album plot .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  add   a
truth:  display   display

test:  return the estimated float for the given axis .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  sums   elements

test:  return the category for the given letter .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  set the system name to be used for consistency .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  set   null
truth:  to   null

test:  create an malloc pointer response .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  create   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  these modules are more module name and 3 modules .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  are we can temporarily support the same results as well .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to read an ignored file .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  monitor   a
truth:  follow   a

test:  checks if any files in the specified directory are present in symlinks .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  call   check
truth:  files   files

test:  describe a list of attributes of an object c{obj} as a single string .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  function   attribute
truth:  null   helper

test:  restart a container container from a url container container id cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  commit   container
truth:  restart   a

test:  joblib * return the parallel in networkx .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  testing   run
truth:  return   parallel

test:  pack a *new* .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the versions of a response .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  build a map from a sequence .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  return the country from country codes based on country and a country dict .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  given   one

test:  set or add resource dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return the contents of an user keys in the search keychain .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  return   return
truth:  search   keys

test:  remove all empty transaction names .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  if   null
truth:  clear   background

test:  delete database .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  halt a running system cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  debug   remove
truth:  halt   a

test:  return the number of epoch used for the integer .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  return   value
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for functions that require user actions .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  service view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  create   view
truth:  view   view

test:  register a new registration view .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  email   sign
truth:  display   display

test:  return a list of term terms to a resources .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  used   return
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize pretty coil matrix .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a random api hash of the given string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  send edit to editor .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  open   delete
truth:  file   file

test:  create a node from a given node or dictionary of values .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  null   a
truth:  write   a

test:  return all the module devices .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  return   null
truth:  desired   get

test:  return the randrange network with n nodes and redirection edges .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the given encoding and return its output .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  null   run
truth:  get   get

test:  upload a validation record .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a service name to use .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  zero order polynomial regression model .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  like   order
truth:  order   order

test:  parse a timestamp and return a python datetime object .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  run a recordsensor record that allows us to specify a file record stream as the default region of network .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  run   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the versioned resource id .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generate preprocess of preprocess versions of imagenet images .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  generate   parameters
truth:  construct   a

test:  performs a list of tuples representing the last score .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  null   str
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  debug   a

test:  parse arguments .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  parse   grammar
truth:  supports   null

test:  check if a course content is required .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  create frappe .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  setup   docs

test:  returns a sqlalchemy object containing the result of a key for the value specified by the filters as a value .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a session from the user .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the number of seconds of number .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  token   token

test:  helper to get dot product metric .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  null   import
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new validator object for either an type of type .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  adds a model to the payload that can be used by the parentnode dict .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  adds   payload
truth:  converts   payload

test:  return a list of groups for their revision .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  find the value in the subclass that was found in milliseconds .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  username   search
truth:  search   a

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  read a binary data when binary data is added to binary data .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  read   open
truth:  load   in

test:  determines if f is an open patterns .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  using   filter

test:  return the --gae-sdk information .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  create a principal principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   document
truth:  create   principal

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  decorator used to temporarily add a test to an operation on the current context .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  creates the unicode tables .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return a base64 object from a string seed .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine if a variable name is valid for the specified name .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  if   null

test:  charts report view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  report   view
truth:  display   display

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys in a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  check if the node variable variable is equal to the parse text .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  if   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and global state and global state and global state instance .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  perform a video output and write it in the given audio device .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  perform   text
truth:  merges   video

test:  upgrade status .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  install   hook
truth:  null   initializer

test:  input is valid mark mark mark it as parameter .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  validate   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  parse windows devices to parse the state output .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  iterates   vm
truth:  parse   devices

test:  this function takes a wsgi header string and returns a dict of auth info to each line .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  parses   convert
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator that turns a function into a list of files .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   variant

test:  closes switching .
truth: helper function . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can check translation view .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add html content to plot the plot and include them in each of the css javascript file .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  error   call
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  helper function to get the behavior of a date .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fast approximation of a list of in-memory constraint .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return size of a bcache set of minions which grains are given by an zero set .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  return   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  check if the given course has no smtp pool .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  null   capture
truth:  return   return

test:  get the saved service instance .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for api functions .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of the custom sql box sql that is custom resource headers to one .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  filtering   filtering
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  do any status and return task name allocated to their status code .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  obtain   vm_state
truth:  map   map

test:  like babel resolve a folder and distributed language algorithm .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the proxy services .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an array containing the standard deviation for each axis .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  alias for write_local: writes the object to the local cache using pickle .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  check if the node is configured with a node .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  function   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert between control strings to a native type .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  updates the deactivated fields from user .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  updates   user
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  merge -> generator generator into a list of value** .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  given   storage

test:  wrapper for a iterable of things .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  are   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the microseconds delta as a number of seconds .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  return   a
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  extracts package name from "pkg list -v" output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  nominated "camera" image .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  same as a **opt .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  set   set

test:  truncate the pids and return an instance of a file .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  truncate   null
truth:  create   create

test:  get the id of this storage storage .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  get   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  test release file when you are in git .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  test   run
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   limit
truth:  limit   limit

test:  encodes a unicode string to utf-8 unicode .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   try

test:  a function for doctesting use in a response .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  return   null
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by seconds .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  send   a

test:  set an object after objects .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  set   return
truth:  null   a

test:  list the versions of the given versions'] .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the list of renderers for all renderers modules .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  converts an unix key to its path .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  looks   in
truth:  translate   a

test:  return the subnetid of a list of logged in .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the preferred time zone as none .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   show
truth:  gets   null

test:  simple test for testing .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  confirm   url
truth:  url   url

test:  a function to generate a sigma instance .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  null   function
truth:  generates   null

test:  list cloud provider cli example: .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   cloud

test:  create a cast base base x .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  create   product
truth:  base   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of scope name .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  returns   fetch
truth:  returns   a

test:  call this whenever you call os .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  call   shows
truth:  debug   debug

test:  return a code object .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  return   run
truth:  run   program

test:  wait to make sure a test without relative to .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  prints the two message print a given dict .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   service
truth:  prints   prints

test:  determine the path for the given module name and returns the other module .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  null   version
truth:  to   alternative

test:  checks that indices is a tuple and tell it to save .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns whether the obj is iterable and not a scalar object .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the named auth failed .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a new graph that contains the edges that exist in g but not in h .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  completely remove files from old cachedir .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return local mask of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorates a new course enrollment to prepare a buffer from the specified course .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  copies   clone
truth:  append   course

test:  test that names table delimiter .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   input
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all matches found in the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a devices to make up in zenoss .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  null   current
truth:  set   set

test:  converts dtype to recformat .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  powers   powers

test:  run a snapshot name a running monit resource name .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  display   a

test:  return the units enabled by the current request registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  main program for the script .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get reference to the application url .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  base64 decodes and then inflates according to rfc1951 .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  evaluate the linear ranking of n elements into a set of nodes .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  finds   complex
truth:  null   null

test:  set logging .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  wait   supervisor
truth:  init   init

test:  skip test if digits_test_framework is set by cat .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  if   attempt
truth:  clean   up

test:  decorator for bigmem an instance of a function adding a single instance of the same instance .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  filter   hook
truth:  to   hook

test:  get the node from the process tree .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get the first child nodes .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  simple model version of group .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   check

test:  encodes a unicode string to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  encodes   return
truth:  string   string

test:  correlate correlation variable .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   returns
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  build source string representation of interactive migration uri .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  text   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get vlm_media media name by name or instance id .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  get   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  for documentspamattempt documentspamattempt .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  null   null
truth:  revert   null

test:  construct an empty indices of input array actions .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  count   type
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return client id .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dump a set of text .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and port and port and port and port and port and invoke a stream .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  list all rootdir in the interface .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the integrals sequence and right series in a fourier series .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  measure qhostinfo matrix for class .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  measure   return
truth:  build   a

test:  sort a string with free value .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  [it[i] -> .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all lines reachable for code objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  compute the isrealobj matrix for a .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  if   version
truth:  return   return

test:  return token to be used for service discover object .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  token   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the dict and their arguments found in the dict .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  split   a

test:  read in the master ip and return the contents of the db .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  read   ip
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a test notification to one test .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  send   test
truth:  send   send

test:  return the group name and group id .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  return   information
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx get-torrent web interface .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  null   sign
truth:  null   lx

test:  retrieves information for an image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  return a list of paths from the path and most egg .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  ensure   null

test:  make a rule from a dict .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  result   result

test:  install a new repository schedule .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  null   loading
truth:  import   import

test:  sends registration email to paper email .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  sends   report
truth:  send   auto

test:  grab major tmux from matcher .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  grab   version
truth:  get   get

test:  backward propagation activation function .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  null   app
truth:  get   get

test:  mount the mount additions .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  display   virtualbox
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  function for comparing two axes .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multiply dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  make total dashboard dashboard at the given creator as input .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  optimized   null
truth:  save   statistics

test:  square dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   square
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parse the given parameter string into a dict .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   parameters
truth:  parse   parse

test:  see if a polynomial is dates .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  test   a
truth:  make   null

test:  write blank requirements status code for blank requirements file specified .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  write   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return system per-cpu and average gamma -> none .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  take   null

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  time   converts
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the list of adapter as adapter with the adapter adapter .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   returns
truth:  creating   null

test:  for a still use in compositions .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  decodes base64 encoded thebase message .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  base64   a
truth:  using   decoder

test:  return a list of the email addresses found in text .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call to non memoize query results in a function calls .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  memoize   url
truth:  is   null

test:  render all http request / email address .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  displays   view
truth:  render   render

test:  computes the rho correlation measure of the correlation matrix together .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  computes   multivariate
truth:  null   vectors

test:  the main ip address for testing .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  null   no
truth:  initializes   null

test:  return installed alembic status .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  get   get

test:  run a elapsed message .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  run   lock
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  this function generates a random number generator .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reset ckans database .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  running   running

test:  get the aliases currently set in the passed encoding .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this is called once in a package .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  stops   a
truth:  compose   null

test:  return info about the specified api cli example: .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  return   files
truth:  gets   information

test:  search a list of list * return search with a given dictionary of search for a value .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  search   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply constrained algorithm on a single inverse operator .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  filter and return the data on the specified array .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  volunteer information controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the sample average for a nested iterable .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like receipt .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   a

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   return
truth:  use   nd

test:  return the indexing chunks of a list of values .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   chunk

test:  this is a :class:jinja2 if matplotlib is installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  craft a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  validates that a mongodb namespace with namespace database exists .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the minion localconfig lights .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  elementwise value of the gamma function .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return the checksum of a and b .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  compare   a

test:  return a relative id to mime mime encoded url .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  add credentials to an existing post .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  function   a
truth:  get   service

test:  format a datetime to take the format yyyymmdd number of seconds since the unix timestamp .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  internal handler for set and clear_property resource from a specified zone .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  remove   a

test:  get data set the mapping of the given managed list .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns time for the old translate code .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  time   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a message to a post room .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  build a list of ir chart .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  build   null
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from data source list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   tixexfileselectbox
truth:  null   null

test:  helper method for overriding a power class .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different than given object .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  like database mapping a mapping definition to database .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  like   function
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   null

test:  setup the zigbee component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  indentation   indentation
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return a organizations activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read a numpy array of numpy types present in numpy .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  return a module path of the full path .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  truncates the truncate character array .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  label   return
truth:  truncate   window

test:  remove a path .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run markdown from the command line and return markdown for the vocabulary .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  set the 'setxkbmap{ keyboard setting cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   in
truth:  set   current

test:  return a list of directories which the directory is authorized .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  this function tries to get arguments from a wrapper around flipwritable .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  to   a
truth:  strip   a

test:  allow max level to core functions .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a command down the telnet channel write it to the given console console .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   a

test:  return a list of volume volumes with the passed kwargs .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  s3 an object from a s3 object .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  download   download

test:  output one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  outputs   one

test:  calculate mean and variance from the set of values .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  mean   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the dimensionality solution for a symmetric matrix .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  null   screen
truth:  computes   null

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random numbers .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  get   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d parameters x : 1d ndarray the number of observations or paper returns log : float the max frequencies of sigma_hat in the multivariate
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  null   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a module for destroy - filters - filters - filters - shape - filters targets - .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  run   null
truth:  -   -

test:  attempt to bases and initialize a document class .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  to   dict
truth:  create   create

test:  get a function initialize the given python module names .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  setup   setup

test:  creates an s3 file path to the bucket and returns the bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  project mako mako context .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask for a filename to open as base64 .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   returns
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  key key key name .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  null   key
truth:  null   key

test:  drops a database from the ms server .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drops   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  get an ip socket .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return a list of stored configuration values .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  turn   null

test:  retrieves plugins for an observer service .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  hook   load
truth:  named   load

test:  user have no email set .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  disconnecting   user
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  sleep for public ssh services .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  read   read

test:  to a login/registration and return a super function .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  have   null

test:  test that the full generators .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns the integer value of a string encoded integer when n > 0 .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  verify that a string is valid strict .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes setting are not set from the top of a file .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  writes   implements
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  check if a continuous query exists on the ms sql server .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns an email address .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   lvm
truth:  return   version

test:  elementwise summation .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  return   null
truth:  draws   null

test:  generates an api limit limit from a request or request .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  downloads   privileges
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge all threads and thread nodes in the course .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  list the installed versions of ruby cli example: .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all file names matching a directory using a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a specified partition format of a physical image this function is called by making sure its included in aside_types kernel .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  function   get
truth:  return   network

test:  check the shape of the grid rounded space .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  null   elements
truth:  create   a

test:  creates an vlan_id and its initial process if it fails .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a model .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  using   migration

test:  process whether there is a no source tag .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  process   return
truth:  extracts   information

test:  loads a service manager from type .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  check if a user type is selected in given server type .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  if   tests

test:  fixture to change a series into a single table and column .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  to   fixture

test:  a code that supports assist in a resource .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  null   data
truth:  return   python

test:  this function looks up the inline scores of a game .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  use   use

test:  convert other magic to other .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a new group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make nested lists into nested item .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  like   lookup
truth:  return   return

test:  return output of an features formatted string cli example: .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   null

test:  check whether or not a list is a valid directory .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  shared   returns
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  get comparison in a list of points .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator to check if the task is true .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  resolves   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  converts a template to a template .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return dict given a passed in key and properties parameters d: dictionary .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  return   append
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  given an oxml key .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a copy of an array .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify that a configuration is valid .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  checks if the gradients to match ros handshake header .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  read   in

test:  test every session method .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  testing   test
truth:  logout   logout

test:  retry code at primary key .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  check   retry
truth:  return   python

test:  returns the default connection .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a case .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  lowercase   a
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  return trace in the input data .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  push   print
truth:  is   null

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   values

test:  temporary link from paths in urls and display it to display on the generated patch url .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  takes   generator
truth:  given   a

test:  patched html entities in a string .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  keep a cookiejar from a cookie dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  -   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  stores entities in the given key and time them .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  stores   items
truth:  stored   null

test:  log logging .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  copy python tokens below the ipython .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  copy   state
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  arbitrary a string to u'\\a' into u'\\a' .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  inserts   newlines
truth:  value   value

test:  makes a helper from a various type to a new type .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  get   get

test:  this function parses the given xml separator and returns a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  raises   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  calculate the total form in custom format from model .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  deletes any theme keys in the theme .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  loop   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a list of paths for given user name .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test intervals against samples design .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  computes   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  use this function to check the startup of the use in the configuration .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  manage   call
truth:  prepare   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the shortcut for a shortcut instance .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strip the start and prefix from url .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  strip   start
truth:  extract   null

test:  for user authentication .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  gets   a

test:  get all volumes by name .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   parameters
truth:  get   volume

test:  decorator to output modal info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  setup the calendar platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  frees frees into values of blocks and match some additional keys to match price so that internal sequence .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  change   match_prefix
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that "checkerboard" image can be loaded .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  test   precision
truth:  check   check

test:  publish a command from the minion out to other minions .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  publish   return
truth:  return   return

test:  mock mock model and setup it with the same yaml .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  email   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  decorator to provide rsync logic on failure .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert html characters into html entities in raw mode .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  use the unix overrides string for the unix audit interface .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  ip   null
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a url to the given mask .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  url   null
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return mentions string representation of each line .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  calculate the number of jitter with correct number of jitter .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  null   timeout

test:  run a test case only when given test case are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  return the specified data globally globally code to be used in 3d .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  makes   data
truth:  finds   null

test:  test plot with a simple csc .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  show   form
truth:  test   line

test:  make directory chmod the arch translation on android .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  resize a image image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of l2 elements of a different list .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  return   elements
truth:  return   return

test:  get a denominator .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  list files and version of a tree .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  list   path
truth:  find   find

test:  get one of the version from the container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a regex regex that does not have a regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  returns   debugging
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   a

test:  get an api version .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a list of tuples into one line leading and directories .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  split   null
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  returns the 0dvs from the validation function .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  cast variable to variable of variable of variable floatx .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the html generated csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   students
truth:  compute   information

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  compares partitions with letters and state strings .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  prepare   add
truth:  to   add

test:  save the disk progress information on a particular instance storage .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   disk
truth:  save   migration

test:  attempt to fix the pipeline out of the given arguments .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  to   null

test:  takes an point date string containing and list of document values .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  open bracket file and return the location of it .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  module   python
truth:  if   null

test:  delete raising response .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  takes a node and a list of walker source .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  patches   patches

test:  send build summary summary details .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  build   null
truth:  send   send

test:  estimate the number of prediction prediction between prediction .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  want   histogram
truth:  measure   measure

test:  waits for a registration memory on the system .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  set a new django document for a given document .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  set   manager
truth:  null   urls

test:  extract the day from a log response .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  raise   a

test:  compute the logistic log likelihood of x x in desired 1d 1d list .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encrypt the exception and ssh key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  text   text

test:  run a wsgi application present .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  run   null
truth:  test   test

test:  inbox index page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  received   messages

test:  check if user has permission to the given user .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns false if graphs are isomorphic and only .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse in the mailentry from the xml definition .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  parse   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns the filepath value is mtime on standard cache .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the backend that can be used to determine if the backend is set .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the flocker task that contains flocker flocker for flocker .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  register a function to be executed at program termination - optional arguments to be called at exit .
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  register   a

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make a thumbnail with the aspect ratio centered in thumbnail .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  test that the gar framework is exact .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  assign a datetime object to a datetime .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  transforms   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  converts a string to bytes .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  string   string

test:  vtype version of dtype .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  split the directory .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  split   null
truth:  null   plugins

test:  check for service status .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get a dict describing one of its position in teams .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  get   user
truth:  context   context

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as a branch .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   checkout
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   puids
truth:  submit   null

test:  use 4 spaces per comment indentation .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   imports
truth:  use   use

test:  require english test project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   bar
truth:  require   foo

test:  return a file info path .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a list of result from a file .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  test   null
truth:  get   get

test:  main root page .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   page

test:  adds current units to the appropriate url .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an exposed whose methods are given by exposed objects .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  checks for filename for a unittest unittest is ignored .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  filename   return
truth:  if   null

test:  read a hash from a hash of data .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   check
truth:  reads   html

test:  return a list of functions .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  return   check
truth:  function   function

test:  escape parameters for use in a single string .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns true if the graph is a graph from iterables .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return_stmt : return_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  null   stmt
truth:  null   compound_stmt

test:  reverse score to sign xml score and sign xml .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  return   assignment_expression
truth:  create   create

test:  get the compliant and maximum rfc822 results .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate rc4 generator .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  like   itertools

test:  encode jose base-64 der-encoded certificate .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   csr
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  return the list of locale elements contained in seq .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  return   find
truth:  given   null

test:  get the there are any of the given plugin .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  view   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  elementwise sigmoid function :math:varphi(x) = exp)^{-1} .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  cross   cross

test:  set the settings for a file .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  stop everything after satvalue checks .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  clean   sets
truth:  shut   null

test:  get all sm sm flavor .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  only return if all the modules are present .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute <= the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   objattr
truth:  attr_gt   attr_gt

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given question in the question .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  if possible service is .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  if   enable
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   comparison
truth:  avoid   null

test:  compute the expected and d principal .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  return   return

test:  test that exceptions .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  connect to aws host' :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that riak can be ignored .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  test   riak
truth:  runs   a

test:  import all wrapped modules and return them if no attribute is not deprecated .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  import   import
truth:  null   null

test:  return an credentials to use a password or an access password appropriate for the given credentials and password a password to function works on a password .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  return   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return a smaller method that have no html characters .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  upgrade all 'version'] upgrade on debugging upgrades .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  run   vms
truth:  function   function

test:  return the contents of a file .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  read   read

test:  iterates a collection of fields .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  named   add

test:  send task email .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  send   send
truth:  context   context

test:  create an iterable of pairs from iterable that are not in multiple times .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  null   position
truth:  null   a

test:  return the version string from a string or a version string .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the interactive status for a script specifying that it is being run in the change environment .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  import a dataframe from a dataframe .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  load   a
truth:  download   download

test:  paren message immediately to the given node .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  does   return
truth:  does   null

test:  return a dictionary with information about all reserved requests .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  list   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the list of unique data from word .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine if the flags flags are chosen .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a w string that the specified pipe .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  execute the hadoop commands in the given module and add the command to its output .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  execute   change
truth:  command   command

test:  return the series expansion of both data .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return full path to the directory where the files cache is stored .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  run metagenomeseqs algorithm through rscript algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   metagenomeseqs
truth:  run   deseq2

test:  computes the paired distances between the vectors in x and y .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  filter the volume of "mobile" parameters .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  filter   variant
truth:  to   null

test:  test that masked column elements exist in different fft columns .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  checks if y is ignore properly rendered .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   test

test:  returns the sysctl address for a sysctl or a string .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  normalizes   return
truth:  null   null

test:  convert tensor to dimensions .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  null   seconds
truth:  pads   null

test:  executes the given summary of a built-in summary domain .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  executes   prints
truth:  write   a

test:  determine if a procedure is none .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator that imposes an interpreter function audio context .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  update 'akismet artist-list parameters .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  validate   user
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set temporary file .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  apply   apply

test:  project image into os parameters rois : array .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  project   calculate
truth:  converts   converts

test:  perform a simple sleep with a value set to steps .
truth: like common . 
test:  perform   return
truth:  like   like

test:  check if a given command is currently configured .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  if   match
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure a given launch queue is deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper to set an object from a string .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  to   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  regression test for aes .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  aggregate   a
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  ensure we can construct a unicode string from the right unicode objects .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns all the closed cursor .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  work   work

test:  a handler for 404s .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  null   preview
truth:  null   a

test:  adds the inline options to inline formats .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  send an email this interface is intended to be a direct replacement for smtplib .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   send

test:  verify a pseudorandom server .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  look   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  gcal gcal date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  submit a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attributes .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts a string to binary string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a property; raise if ns not found/visible or resource id .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a link to the given node .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a fixing object from an ordered list of entry .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  load   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a tenant check or name the given tenant and update it with tenant optional tenant .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert an internal id to a glance image .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   update
truth:  convert   convert

test:  sends generic wrapping the aws binarydata .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  sends   return
truth:  null   method

test:  gets debugging object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   vlc
truth:  gets   vlc

test:  return information about a network .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   a

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   template_complex
truth:  template   template

test:  create a resource type this is suitable for use in html/xml .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  add   a
truth:  get   resource

test:  recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively change the directory of a given directory .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  dictionary   images
truth:  remove   remove

test:  converts a path relative to its canonical filename .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  get a list of hosts and a machine by compare the hosts .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   get
truth:  to   add

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  fix bench .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  fix   frappe
truth:  switch   switch

test:  return the current time in seconds since the system is configured .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns true if the given object is valid .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  access this process and return a httpresponse .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  mock   display
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of a set of strings .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get the paths[ paths of the file paths .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  parse   publisher
truth:  get   publisher

test:  returns true if g is intersection of g .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  example of the page encounters a agent on the page .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return the list of users that are following the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls a function took .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create the path to the given verified level .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  create   verification
truth:  verify   a

test:  compute extra arguments using a given shape .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get fingerprint on a return .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   check

test:  new version of an object .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  null   view
truth:  copies   copies

test:  get the local object with the 'application/json-patch+json'}ret api .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  gather   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  create a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  retrieve info on a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  null   a

test:  replaces common productserializer whitespace from a string with python code and outputs .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  leading   matrix
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  test gl setting to basic records that are what the same :arg cls: .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   test
truth:  create   app

test:  generate a list of sequences between each line of the given grey .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a list of all available pillar data from the cloud provider .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  return   return
truth:  clear   null

test:  fixture that resets a default object .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  config   a
truth:  yields   a

test:  converts complex format to an absolute '[endless]'h .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  if   a
truth:  converts   integer

test:  iterate over all info files .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  iterate   drops
truth:  yield   info

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return whether dynamic-choice is mounted on the system .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  return   entry
truth:  return   disk

test:  creates a dir with the given path and all directories in between the given path .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  set the patch attribute first .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  set   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  process the side output .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a list of the user functions .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load a module .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a useful string that takes the given arguments and posted .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  lists all datastores available to the user and datastores are not valid .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  return   in
truth:  get   current

test:  do any strong characters in m m do long-running remainder algorithm .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  testing   return
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  null   test
truth:  =   =

test:  return the logical sum of samples for a meter project .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  like :func:operator .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  like   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  start frappe .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  default   default
truth:  run   run

test:  lx 'historyrecent' .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  null   return
truth:  display   display

test:  returns the continuous grade object .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  get   tris

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  create listeners listeners listeners .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   listeners

test:  retrieve path from an component instance .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  create   create

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 [subcommand] lyapunov .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that unless a time holds precision .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  output   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator that records the result of a function .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  mode for the daemon .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  null   attribute
truth:  null   null

test:  get config files in a directory .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  wait for the element to be present in the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  clear all the possible changes .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clear   implementation
truth:  clears   null

test:  sets the standard deviation exactly the input string .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  trace   print
truth:  initialize   null

test:  positional should be a matlab command .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  null   script
truth:  generate   generate

test:  internal helper function to term .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  update the circular cluster and helpful a database to be executed .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  called   individual
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  return a tuple containing all possible things of an object .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets all virtual ips from the fixed interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  load   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  return a new *q_var_name* subclass .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  return   formats
truth:  return   return

test:  return a sqlalchemy connection to a database .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  url-encodes all characters in a given payload tested against: * useful to bypass some weak web application firewalls that do not double url-decode the request before processing it through their
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  run all bears from the target files .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  run   null
truth:  prints   prints

test:  will work on the priority of a new service .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  -   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a grep grep file and build it into the turned log lines .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  called   null

test:  remove paths that start with certain paths .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an unused port number from a given port .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dict with keys of value from the value .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  returns   copy
truth:  makes   a

test:  path component of os .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  copy a direct client and port .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  create   a

test:  always returns true if value is a state .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  null   a
truth:  value   value

test:  retrieve items from resource fields for given resource key .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  return a python asts[cond compile expression .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start debugging .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  lowercase   strips
truth:  start   start

test:  a factory for the current closest codes .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a migration instance by id or raise if it does not exist .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  test rechunking can be done as a chunks of dask array .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  test   error
truth:  try   rechunking

test:  convert authentication key with prefix prefix into a given server prefix .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws aws service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a postfix ip address into an http request .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  find   function
truth:  complete   null

test:  temporarily remove any existing pickle number and then pickle the given number .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  loads   function
truth:  pickled   unpickle

test:  configure interface for interacting with an ssl wsgi certificate .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  null   search
truth:  start   cherrypy

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args

test:  test that post just checks on expected flag in config file .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  test   test

test:  sitemap the sitemap for a sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  link   point
truth:  setup   setup

test:  helper method to get user prefix for given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the unnormalized inverse of the current centered on the specified probability .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the decorrelation decorrelation function inplace .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  determine if a list of empty values are equal .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  null   matrices
truth:  converts   converts

test:  emit connection usage usage usage usage usage .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  emit   events

test:  test unicode functions .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  generate   checker
truth:  verify   null

test:  set xonfig style types .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   completion

test:  ask for a filename to open as a filename .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  it should run for functions with the required modules .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  null   modules
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  to   increment
truth:  parses   a

test:  attempt to import a package .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  to   module
truth:  to   attempt

test:  check if string representation of tk numeric .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  null   datetime
truth:  value   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of python code for a python template name .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  given   python
truth:  searches   python

test:  return the square root of a given expression .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  takes an times key and prepends it .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  takes   url
truth:  default   default

test:  helper function for 5 code strings into a string or a string which salt .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  leading   strip

test:  parses ftp .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  verifies a operator operator is callable .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  gives   null
truth:  null   null

test:  find a text file object and return a tuple of the given filename .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  find   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  mask   mask

test:  generates an minimal string with unicode entities from a string .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  estimate threads against the specified tensor of threads the expected value .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  simulate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  set '/dev/fd/%d' .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  set   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns whether an s3 key is set and determine whether or not .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test if a string can be loaded .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  tests   valueerror
truth:  test   a

test:  update an http request for a request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  update   request
truth:  make   null

test:  returns true if a string is a decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a loader modules .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  return   modules

test:  the main root interface .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  null   data
truth:  calculate   kruskal

test:  random element with highest func -> str at a function .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the given path from a docker path .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a list of information about a specific lsmod cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   statement
truth:  return   a

test:  apply evoked data on baseline .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  evoked   compare
truth:  evoked   read

test:  ensures description but not builtin the files .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  function to check that inline a template .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  compiles   link
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  a custom expression into a list of rewrites objects .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  makes this plugin non-gcable :type cls: class :rtype: class .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  disables   instance

test:  attach a queryset representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   roles

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  "minversion"
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  null   command
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return true if criteria is a syncfile .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decode data into a base64 encoded string .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  takes   data
truth:  base64   base64

test:  generate a temporary analyze file .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  escape html escape for non-unicode mode .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a date string and date .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  given   a
truth:  convert   day

test:  return the list with one level value in an iterable of iterables .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  cyclen   return
truth:  pad   pad

test:  returns endpoints in fh .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  cm request section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if domain a domain-matches domain or an absolute domain of the .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the media position where the media position .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   movie

test:  remove search from amis cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as a += b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  index documents .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  index   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to copy something that the given module in the given module namespace wraps the name of a database namespace namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  encodes a es input and the given input string .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get anonymous anonymous cart .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  get   open
truth:  open   open

test:  logs out the user logout .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  validate the default id .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience method to make arrange of its string .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   representation

test:  strips the given name into a processnode shape file .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  strips   summary
truth:  remove   html

test:  generate given emails and grant values to a feed of information for the given release release date .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the system component of the host .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  get   prints
truth:  get   memory

test:  get the portion of the boolean array .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a symbol .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  get current state name for callback name .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of entry .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  parse an http header into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate a random gensim file with number_items elements .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse a callable descriptor string and return a comma-separated query parameter name .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the value of a wsgi environment variable as defined by the wsgi environment variable .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  read an eeglab .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  read   read
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if path exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extract data from a value .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extracts   strings

test:  squared squared loss .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  squared   mean

test:  get equation function .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  filtered   view
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  parses a timezone response entries to published entries .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  make up a list or columns of elements .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  make   a
truth:  divides   a

test:  return an items type .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  sorting   key

test:  get or from ipython data where ipython itself is from ipython .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the default price list for a list of default price .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  return   return
truth:  set   price

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write a changelog based on a git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  check if the content contents is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  an config file should raise an invalid config values .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  config   config
truth:  config   config

test:  converts a block of profile to a volume .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  factor a square-free return square-free factors in gf(p)[x] for finite .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a string containing a range of message names and uid .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  tuple   callback
truth:  null   uid

test:  find maximum y value from four vertices which find the data .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   maximum

test:  setup the concord232 584 lights .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register an interpreted text role by its implicit or language-dependent name .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get a list of jobs .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  return   fetch
truth:  get   a

test:  install the first make sure necessary and unavailable are stale .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  a view which hooks at before_handler to cherrypy unexpected access values .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   cherrypy
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  set the *x* axis label of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  check correct files which contain the error code to run for error with correct directories .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  run a remote server in the passed host using the remote host device .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  run   script
truth:  files   files

test:  ensure we can compile functions .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  puts all transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   null
truth:  puts   null

test:  write a path to a string in the filesystem property file .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create new metadata associated with the specified metadata module .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   null
truth:  delete   metadata

test:  return lines which happen after program .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  normalize   wrapper
truth:  command   command

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 exits the test should always work to a numpy version .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  tests the stack trace from stack .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test reading raw permanently objects .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  do not allow users auth .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  do   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a generic case provides a string for comments .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  it should extract a single step steps from the array .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the master function is enabled on the minion .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  create   a
truth:  install   new

test:  yaml: zulip publish humbug test results requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <slack+plugin> .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   null

test:  asymmetric logistic model of theta 1990 1990 restrictions: - theta is the numeric knot parameters theta : int number of galambos or more than theta in - theta in -
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  null   exponential
truth:  mixed   null

test:  return the line at the parent at that were defined in choices .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of bootstrap_button or really according to the prefix .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  returns   variable
truth:  generate   generate

test:  test that discussion can be ignored .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  update a user for testing cli examples: .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  make   null

test:  run runconf configuration file .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   script

test:  find the group of a group from a group on gid .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  find   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  adds a clip to a remote process .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  set   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the path that is running within the sheets .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  wsgi application that sets an application object for the application .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  returns a utf8-encoded string representation of an datetime parameter .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  returns   headers
truth:  noop   noop

test:  put metadata from ok .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  get   product
truth:  put   metadata

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns absolute path to json relative to json relative ones .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  returns   delete
truth:  return   a

test:  update the specified quotas for a tenant .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  host   update
truth:  update   update

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  modified   null
truth:  null   bessel

test:  remove all tasks from task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  converts a database to a deprecated version .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  run   pylint

test:  send email to new user .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  email   email
truth:  given   a

test:  see common/js/components/views/feedback_prompt .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  perform   helper
truth:  is   null

test:  build a generator to build an variables .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  function which checks each standard location question in the hierarchy until either one is found or none are found .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that a file creates on a standard directory .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  context   calculate
truth:  write   test

test:  asks a dataset with the summarize_model .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  asks   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given a list of unread messages .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  checks node ami to instance of a region .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  used   security
truth:  null   nodes

test:  return list of minions that belong to this system .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  list   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if the arguments is an arguments .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  substitute   a

test:  get a list of hosts to a vcenter .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  get   hosts
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager for creating an image that will be returned by a symlink in the current test .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  context   path
truth:  return   return

test:  this generator iterates the bytes back to a file object .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  file   generator
truth:  chunks   chunks

test:  return a key whose value is a dict .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  return   null
truth:  left   null

test:  yield the input file object based on the current context of the with the given name and the number of bytes .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  yield   iterator
truth:  return   a

test:  convenience function for python line usage of a binary string .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  null   print
truth:  null   method

test:  helper to run something across a package code in another module namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  execute   a

test:  helper function to select a cache element .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  function   result
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if a account exists on the system .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  check if subprocess is factory .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  build   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return true if ldflags is fully qualified name .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  find   round
truth:  extract   a

test:  choose a two gaussian weights from the random stream .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  samples   a
truth:  samples   samples

test:  removes a tenant to tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removes   a

test:  list all available images on the account with relevant data .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  create a new theano size .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  wraps   a

test:  read all regions in instances .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  read   register
truth:  report   report

test:  convert the module into a new package .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  initializes   run
truth:  set   up

test:  pack a run-length error .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  build   format
truth:  return   range

test:  test with an error .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a string representing the binary iteration of an absolute number .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the value - useful for use in a row .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the mongodb platform .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with an fishers distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager that creates chdir and set it as cwd .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  get unique zeros for a given class .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the torrent tree .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   torrent

test:  return none .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  return   call
truth:  create   create

test:  rehash the active configuration state from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   null

test:  function for displaying expressions .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the sysfs file of an interface .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  order everything in a zone cli example: .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  null   get
truth:  list   everything

test:  context manager to catch image properties .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  null   version

test:  converts grains into a list of grains .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  requests   function
truth:  get   get

test:  match a function .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  decides   functions
truth:  null   options

test:  returns a string containing the content .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the given filename is a zip file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  see   null

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  call a function in a thread and call .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  call   call
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dictionary of undefined test directories .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  the dictionary keys into yaml .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  null   snmp
truth:  represent   null

test:  returns the similarity similarity similarity based on the wordnet version number of wordnet .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns true if epoch == a scalar operator to the given epoch .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   mx

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  return   datetime

test:  read a configuration option .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  read   parse
truth:  null   policies

test:  validate an devices of just retrieved device .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  null   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  unsubscribe an engine plugin handler .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  do   null
truth:  config   handler

test:  commits changes if the safe transaction is in managed transaction mode .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  changes   changes

test:  the activation function of vectorized to sort the index of printable .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   candidate

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to return the specified context .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a single named information item from the distro release file data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   attribute
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the http user ids from a user uid .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a cnt q string into a match with the given uris .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  temporal the output of a 3d tensor with the output input variable .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  pad   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  test that int can be instantiated .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  helper function for temporary x .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  null   network
truth:  restricts   null

test:  queues an email .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  given   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  return the directory for settings .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  return   directories
truth:  return   return

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  properly to use this task .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  load 'jobs .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  default   null
truth:  error   error

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  return   c*x**i
truth:  add   add

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  then i send the test cases in the test .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  function   registration
truth:  null   i

test:  build a query parameters .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  build   function
truth:  look   up

test:  plots spatial and all gems .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  call   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  return the line number in the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   download
truth:  purge   null

test:  convert an integer to ascii in ascii encoding .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  translate   a

test:  converts a user to a tenant cli example: .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  build   auth

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running 48 .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  doubles of both the skeleton return a numpy array .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  null   read
truth:  read   read

test:  delete an action cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   volume

test:  returns the value given an object_list field and a field .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  assert attack .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  null   calculation

test:  when a user update .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  rate   user
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   subprocess
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  registers   register

test:  setup django django django .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  selects   a

test:  add the python version and fix a string .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  add   a

test:  return true if the given pid exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the magic name .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return a collection of rights that have been readable .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a list of the daily contributions .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  null   up
truth:  finds   null

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  null   n
truth:  null   null

test:  performs a bytearray of "attrs" and a iterable object .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  performs   converts
truth:  null   parts

test:  open a filename given an object .
truth: open a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  open   a

test:  determine if a path is inside another loop .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  uninstall a package with systemd name the package to be deleted .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  uninstall   upgrade
truth:  remove   remove

test:  issue #32 describes a style view when creating a new style .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  prints value .
truth: print line . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the value is valid and has valid in the review group groups .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   checks
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return a dict given a string value .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  converts urls into proper url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  do   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of warnings .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a unicode string to unicode .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a numpy array with a series of lag .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  return   return
truth:  order   order

test:  temporarily disable all code objects .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  disable   context
truth:  changes   changes

test:  converts a view that an absolute url to a dictionary of query arguments .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  template   template

test:  return a list of existing connections .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  return   reset
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  image data resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  true if the mne app is mne by mne app .
truth: aux function . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  compute error handler for the given error on one error handler .
truth: log os . 
test:  error   error
truth:  log   os

test:  returns a function prototype .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  create   a

test:  converts all keys in dictionary keys to strings .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  shortcut for a service .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  compute ranking-based average the binary loss is consistent up of precision .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   regression
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the ip address is a bad location .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  converts a timedelta name to seconds since the object .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  convert   duration

test:  if x is configure .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the entire image search for the given image .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  change   change

test:  logic logic logic output output logic .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  debug   null
truth:  null   a

test:  read extra attributes from value into options .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  replaces   imports
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a droplet or digitalocean .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  return probe effect from the privkey .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  maps   maps

test:  convert bytes in long string into long integer .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  take   a

test:  open a file containing full filepath for the reason this module .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   null
truth:  open   open

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the activation function for the on-disk adds a always setup .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  logging   point
truth:  setup   setup

test:  utility method .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  converts   v

test:  save and .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  save   configuration
truth:  set   configuration

test:  tests what a user is returned when a admin url .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  extract   tests
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  return   metadata

test:  helper for minions that require a draft draft .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   set
truth:  mount   a

test:  wrapper to execute all old queries .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  function   method
truth:  queries   queries

test:  parse a nested response response into a dict .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  extract one int .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  causes   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return an xml file paths that should be used to compare the file .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return indices to vech matrix parameters indices : array non-zero coefficients of indices indices returns indices : ndarray 1-d array of points .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  return   indices
truth:  create   create

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   up
truth:  build   up

test:  create and/or verify and/or verify and/or verify and/or verify given directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the data to saved by filepath with filepath to python 2 .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a *safe* depth to a depth object .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  find   a

test:  verifies the given file path and creates a param .
truth: on windows . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   windows

test:  sparseblockouter -> gpusparseblockgemv .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  null   gpusparseblockgemv
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the tool has a database that has the same set .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  patch for hg .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  list   dictionary
truth:  execute   null

test:  run the tests to run the many 'flake .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   flake8

test:  simple moving average .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   momentum

test:  attach a block storage server to attach a volume name name of the new server to break on cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   update
truth:  attach   a

test:  a feature to declare a feature interface .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse hyperbolic cotangent .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  resets   fakedrivers

test:  return a sorted list of status statuses .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  return   validation
truth:  get   get

test:  takes file or a given directory path for the target list .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  takes   n
truth:  search   search

test:  dummy decorator that skips a test on module .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  tell   tests
truth:  verify   null

test:  apply to the nginx mode .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  mocks   returns
truth:  produce   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  if arg is an associated controller .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  normalizes   function
truth:  provides   null

test:  helper jobs config to config .
truth: given a server . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all network[' devices that can be configured for a given network .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test that the attributes in {key column .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   copies
truth:  test   test

test:  return a httpresponse whose content is a javascript string representation of json tag .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  return   data
truth:  renders   data

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  run startedjobregistry over interactive .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  run   view
truth:  starts   null

test:  return the contents of a list of keys in the specified policy .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  install certificates and private key required by the task .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   certificates
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  builds the virtual machine to match the state of the state .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   routing
truth:  build   build

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  epost retrieves database counts for database .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  post   a

test:  return a users cohort for the given course .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  load a context dictionary using the device specified by the device .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes python objects for the given json string .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  for the factory to create remote server listening headers .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  null   connections
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the main function .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  ensures   null

test:  initialize the fnclex containing post-processing config .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  initialize   password
truth:  compile   a

test:  given a list of tag tags .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  list   sets
truth:  given   a

test:  create a degrees .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  create   serialisation
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a dataset class instance based on the ihdr driver name and recursively .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  generate a rseed fasta image that is equivalent to rseed and breiman .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a url to store the default urlconf urlconf -- the url for the given language .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  get the list of protocol records associated with the given port .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves the requested variable name from the environment variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  gets   find
truth:  get   get

test:  collect additional files to a filename .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  collect   create
truth:  archive   sources

test:  return color color tuple .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  color   return
truth:  get   a

test:  call making a class from the specified number of cpus .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  logging   part
truth:  null   null

test:  allows us to db for database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  return unicode or unicode string to a unicode object .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  bytes   null
truth:  to   convert

test:  compare two dictionaries .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  function   function

test:  check if the list of patterns are actually names on the specified patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  function   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  setup the given config file and create a new copy directory .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  create   up
truth:  move   move

test:  print and return the config settings .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  config   parse
truth:  read   read

test:  check if the history items have valid history .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the specified course type .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the last time of the given system .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a json object to the iterator subscription subscription .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a plot from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  list http auth response for given string .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  list   response
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with decision-tree .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get namespace tag count or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   delete
truth:  count   count

test:  selects -> str arguments: flag: str .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the p-th number of two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  given two workflows .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  display   regexp
truth:  substitute   null

test:  opens all and/or files in a without the same format as possible .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  return   return

test:  skip decorated test if a test has a *attributes test .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  decorated   null

test:  update availables start with base start and start multiple epoch .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  receive   parameters
truth:  prepare   null

test:  sorts key function .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sorts   sorting
truth:  sort   sort

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   receiver
truth:  remove   receiver

test:  displays the current time return the current time zone .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   current
truth:  displays   null

test:  add a node to an html node .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  add   serialize
truth:  register   a

test:  parse up a room distance distance distance distance matrix .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  converts a number to long or a string .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  use   use

test:  creates a new r library .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  register   replace
truth:  to   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a snapshot .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return datetime object from state-action .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  create   up
truth:  to   tokens

test:  list all available details of the specified vm cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a variable is greater than one of the known number .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  if   predicate
truth:  test   test

test:  get exception info requirements for deleting scene .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  given   a

test:  parse compressed or facility() lines from the list of errors .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  restful crud facility for facility data .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  null   latex
truth:  create   create

test:  writes the current contents of the file to a list of accepted progress information .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  writes   update
truth:  write   a

test:  solve an ordinary range for a complex range .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  replace   compute
truth:  solve   real

test:  which person the person page for person protocol .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  null   address
truth:  null   null

test:  show a message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  return the [elementwise] axis of a variable number of arguments .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   like
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: env-script get packets to the build step on a build build step .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   stash

test:  return a review instance .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  allow user to run before django site with a current site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  fetches   events
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a repository description for the tool shed to see if the tool shed is installed .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  construct an 'foo{ 'foo{ server .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  flatten a sequence of strings .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return system configuration cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   vm
truth:  return   system

test:  create default database .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  default   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  sleep until the random number .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  sleep   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  this creates an stop command for an stop number .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a list of urls .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  joins   a

test:  return true if field is unique .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  builds spec for the deletion of an already existing virtual disk from vm .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  compute the histogram of a feature .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  wraps real matrix .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  asarray   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  run all commands in the parallel node .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  remove app from the current app .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   app

test:  computes the coefficient for the mean of s to the values in the input array .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  takes a path from the slashes and returns a clean path for a given language .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  removes   everything

test:  looks up and format chunks of plain data .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  makes   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  wrapper to update ports on small' .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  run   a
truth:  update   vals

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test one line with a large range .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  click   decode
truth:  test   test

test:  update an s3 rows for their map layer .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  update   course
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience function to get the appropriate sysprefix .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  function   illumina
truth:  return   return

test:  check an error for a certain file .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  check   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  negate polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  wrapper to retrieve the csp response data from a csp object .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   method

test:  create and ssh record for remoteprogress() to returned ssh machine simpson to the factory method .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns list of files for a given filename .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  list   a
truth:  clean   null

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  check   check
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  count the pyname in all registered accounts .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  count   a
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager for temporary disabling .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  make sure the object is a different key .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a test has a fixed test and not .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  if   check

test:  given a string in the list .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  given   return
truth:  find   find

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  returns true if the last packages .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  retrieve   shows
truth:  return   return

test:  always return a short httpresponse with the given openid .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  null   a
truth:  does   a

test:  assert that the problem is displaying a particular scenario .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  have   null

test:  helper for getting cache directory from the minion .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  the decorator for functions used to call this is a expression of spectra .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper function to mock tab with the right tab .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  function   json
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  helper for reading .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  validate the pack pack pack .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  add new weeks to the simple init .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  create a temp file and return it in a configuration file with the given name .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  create   a
truth:  content   content

test:  send u'weinsertintotable' into table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  get   example
truth:  insert   insert

test:  reset the database sql server .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  repeat the function calls - works on a suites to make sure it usable with respect to func - the arguments passed to func .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  calls   alias
truth:  null   null

test:  ping the given key .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  ping   a
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  a helper function to get a default height of parent axis .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the file name to be .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  return   return
truth:  creates   null

test:  install binscope into the home assistant server .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   install

test:  generate soap soap attribute for soap networks .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  format a response message specification for a response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  return true if the given state is currently running .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  return   return
truth:  guess   player

test:  ensures that the form ecliptic used with a transform that will emit a transform .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  convert   character
truth:  check   check

test:  if you get a list of files .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   a

test:  convert value to json .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  value   value
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute and get the cli interface .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  tests   remove
truth:  publish   commands

test:  convert a list of class into the model class and class .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   back

test:  setup helper for http_date operations .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  setup   service
truth:  return   distribution

test:  helper decorator for setting a function that wraps one to true if the supplied argument .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  helps   null

test:  for either templates or multi-line config .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert that log issue doesnt log logged in the database .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  assert   distutils
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a str or unicode string x .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  write paths to the device .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  mount   logic
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a generator that yields lines of a string .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  collection a collection to a collection .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  null   method
truth:  to   method

test:  perform normalization with config_gen .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  decorator that is used to restrict functions .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  assign private key to pem objects .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  assign   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return zs[ between the linkage and linkage .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  dictionary   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete user cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  is   password
truth:  delete   a

test:  get networks ips in network format .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  decorator that activates commit on a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  decorator for functions with the specified function y .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  function   integer
truth:  extract   integer

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the first ip address of a second .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  apply an middleware method to be sent .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  check a string of matrices: queues .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  determine   matrix
truth:  computes   null

test:  cleanup for several invalidate in one ref .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   cleanup
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  compatibility to make sure lock is in some cases .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  lock   a

test:  return the promo number of tuples for selected weights .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  return   return
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  put the action that is valid by the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return the ellipse angle between two axes .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  execute ldap load and return the data .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  converts spatial entries in a positive int .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate a matching paragraph to a series of integers .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  combine obj and returns a dict with correct types .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  simple task wrapper for calculating rational .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   like

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  n-queens is needed to generate an iterable of items .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  yield   batches

test:  tax taxes amount of taxes amount .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  null   stores
truth:  added   stack

test:  shows the sub-attributes dataset and returns the resulting data .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  dumps   update
truth:  walk   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with an old code .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  test   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  test the initial density handler .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   init
truth:  test   test

test:  updates id in markdown .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   parse
truth:  updates   course

test:  return an arbitrary condition for a complex surface of a .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  build the code tree and return each element in it .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  parses   return
truth:  build   build

test:  return proper task info of task .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  tests the given task_name matrix with an empty type .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add simplified loop to fill the plane loop .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  simplified   faces
truth:  simplified   add

test:  the var(p) process specified in a ast list .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a user object from the identifier id .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a value that can be none into a int .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  default   validate
truth:  coerce   a

test:  returns an iterator over nodes in s s .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a generator that will generate a list of nodes from the given number of nodes .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  generate random string in given opposite .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  generate   change
truth:  change   change

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   legendre
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of empty level functions .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new volumes for all upload nodes which creates a game .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return dict mapping metrics to zones for node .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  call opengl configuration and fix configuration .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  print out the data passed into the function *args and kwargs .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  print   output
truth:  output   output

test:  create a linode ip .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test sphere of model objects .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   dipole
truth:  making   test

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  return set of active status from open .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  make a theano tensor with the arguments at indexing .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  null   indexing
truth:  =   =

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  reset metadata for all startup .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  reset   doctype
truth:  clear   null

test:  method decorator to add keyword arguments to building keyword arguments .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  test that the list of instances are random .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  test   sets
truth:  split   split

test:  save that the store_fs value should be cached as an existing store_fs .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  save   set
truth:  to   try

test:  get the xml element by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find out what api is running in the list of current api .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  find   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a list of source source strings from the vm .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  return   map
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parses a string containing a nice file for a specified ace .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  yaml: heavy-job check files to find the user variables .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an endpoint from the minion id .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  flatten a list of integers .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  label   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  this function checks to see if it is installed via the master config .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test that setting and therefore are initialized .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   statement
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all user reservations .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  change the specified axis from the specified axis .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  take   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add the point to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a vnc console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check clusterer .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  derivative of the second kind and derivative of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  function   function

test:  connect error view with the user .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  error   return
truth:  reset   reset

test:  compute an rgb array from a background array of channels .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  to   rgba

test:  creates a program to create an lazyloader password .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  initialises   a
truth:  null   python

test:  reload a dataset .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   a

test:  add a virtual machine .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  add   attempt
truth:  list   list

test:  computes inplace of a matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  perform   row
truth:  inplace   row

test:  check the specified database should be done .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  elementwise tan generator .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  elementwise   tan

test:  returns a custom certificate input page .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  renders   returns
truth:  picks   picks

test:  generate the sequence of length matches one .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  make json string to json string .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the underlying probability space representing a random expression .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of eventrenderers from available event .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  create a remote topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  check if start and end partition on the raw partition .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  if   copies
truth:  resizes   null

test:  computes the log moments moments moments for a specified log file .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   epsilon

test:  decorrelation fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  null   fastica
truth:  null   fastica

test:  return a list of module matches the given package path string .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  list   null
truth:  try   try

test:  split a average needs to an averge activate reference .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   up

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  null   pointer
truth:  null   pointer

test:  given a pipeline key .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  return whether obj is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  get   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a list of the output from completed and its fields for all installed packages .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   json

test:  combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing a single string .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   return
truth:  combines   a

test:  return a dict of installed sensor sensor sensor sensor names the name of the file to be installed as a dict .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  return   options
truth:  gather   null

test:  get the plural representation .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   read
truth:  get   get

test:  return the path to the hdfs url .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  return   redirect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  lists all of the projects that have been created .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  lists   value
truth:  to   query

test:  sets the obey over the obey flag for the current request .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  takes   calculate
truth:  null   parameter

test:  moving average convergence/divergence fix 12/26 .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  moving   average
truth:  null   null

test:  convert columns from textual table and return a purges table .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  decorates   column

test:  make the specified connection .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  support   support

test:  iterate over all example workflows .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test hosts notification .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  test   null
truth:  run   dependency

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a deployment in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the details of a tag to a tag .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   a

test:  add color of output to output .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  color   color
truth:  prints   a

test:  linkifies dependencies to be old directory .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  used to set of services .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  null   a
truth:  display   display

test:  return absolute path .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  check if the variable is a string or not .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  return   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the argument version .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   sys
truth:  return   python

test:  return the value of an targets that belong to .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  set the persist state of the current axis .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   set
truth:  boot   boot

test:  returns dsym .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   enrollment
truth:  retrieve   enrollment

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test volumes volume types .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  return   check
truth:  reading   reading

test:  executes statement in a subdirectory .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  executes   map
truth:  like   like

test:  parse the environment from failures .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  resolve   map
truth:  calculates   null

test:  extract integer body from network-byte and validates the list of error message and that schema .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return the float angle between 0 and the given rotation .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  safely return a unicode string representing the json digest .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  convert any object that will work in s3 .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   conversion

test:  returns whether the object is binary string or unicode string .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filters element items in a list with matching name .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   element
truth:  filters   element

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  compile the function in an typingctx .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  return a hook name .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find page page using precomputed .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  find   format
truth:  null   null

test:  save articles .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  utility function that exists .
truth: same as os . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  signal receiver handler to handle updating the user in .
truth: update request . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  request   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   chain
truth:  get   chain

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the translation shell .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  extract   configuration

test:  get the storage instance from the api proxy object .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  check policy corresponding to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  check   policy

test:  sends an post post request and acts as a generic formatter for the json post .
truth: do the post . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  do   null

test:  get the layer height .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that the specified field is invalid .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  validates   updates
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a consumer with the application .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return a string to the unit side are random .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  return   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  return the url to the latest django django database .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  return   branch
truth:  to   null

test:  make a c string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  downgrades version version to the metadata table .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  pipe   a
truth:  inserts   inserts

test:  test for non-null test .
truth: returns np . 
test:  test   redirects
truth:  returns   np

test:  as time in seconds since epoch .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  time   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks for modules that the given exception is not too ipython deprecated .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  checks   fix
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get a value from xs .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute whitener estimator decomposition of a channels operator .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   create
truth:  compute   whitening

test:  maps dummy module to an ordered list of dummy tuples .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  maps   a
truth:  build   a

test:  ensure ast cant compile invalid resources .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  converts all of the variables in a true if condition is true .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  github   null
truth:  rewrite   rule

test:  save writer for the file .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy a pci device .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the host and image name for host .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  function   get
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the unix socket object from the specified index .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  returns   arr
truth:  locate   null

test:  like a .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  like   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  get gcsfilestat of a google storage file .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  prompts for authorization enrollment with printing it .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  prompts   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  get triangle mesh from a carve of a correct carve .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  execute a windows command and return the result of it .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  execute   capture
truth:  execute   a

test:  displays mean .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  mean   return
truth:  scaled   return

test:  combine obj .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  combine   null

test:  process handler for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  compiles all translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  take   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  helper method for running log .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  null   null
truth:  log   a

test:  folder add to preselected folder .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  return the population variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check for a line with a bridge file and records .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  function   format
truth:  parse   data

test:  implementation that fails with a relative event with the specified observer and that results with the default event .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  run the post method to run in settings .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  run   run
truth:  collect   null

test:  clone a process .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  build   a
truth:  errors   errors

test:  get static files to serve the given settings .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  get   return
truth:  required   configuration

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that always use the function to call some arguments on python 2 .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  view   decorator
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  performs progress() method and love with vdobject .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  return   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  determine if locally a path exists .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  if   sort
truth:  append   append

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return the secret key .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the time in iso-8601 of weeks .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  return   instance
truth:  format   format

test:  create a fanout topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  return the local version number for the specified module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  return   module
truth:  import   a

test:  get the zerovects vectors .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  converts   a

test:  require several opkg packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  retrieve user signing token .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  serialize   get
truth:  generate   a

test:  find root rule information from a rule using the default css rule .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  find   interface
truth:  find   find

test:  return a string from the given set of permissions for a given set of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the current device context .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url remove a scheme and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a 2-d identity array .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   matrix

test:  verify that the mf flag is small a factorial function .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  estimate   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  make sure the specified message was logged via the webserver .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  running   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  quit = needed for the current application .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  null   one

test:  log a new user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  set   a
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute z derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  make a sens operator out of a ref .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  generate accumulator[pantsmark] page .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  return   links

test:  get a branch for the given branches .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   branch

test:  get longest lengths .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  get   a
truth:  chooses   null

test:  return a relative path with absolute path specified to a list of absolute path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the search string for the specified search path .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a model instance with queues and set it if the mac address is given .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  populate   a

test:  obtain a bluetooth port .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of exception pattern .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  filters zen units for specified tenants .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  loads   unit

test:  return path for debug directory .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  default   return
truth:  check   xdg

test:  internal helper that takes a display version .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  perform   convert
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  performs unhashables instead of pdb components in the pdb dictionary .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  performs   copy
truth:  accepts   a

test:  test histogram rectpolygon compatibility .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test that no path should not exist at no sourceforge .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  test   create
truth:  test   test

test:  only load this module if ipset is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   check

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the last authentication policy .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the demo camera .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders browser browser if the most recent actions has any active actions .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  null   inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter
truth:  renders   null

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  using a str literal as invalid value .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  make   null
truth:  using   test

test:  create a context factory that validates context factory for the control service .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find syslog from the given path .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  return   return
truth:  reads   a

test:  report the event handler that was last running in .
truth: force exit . 
test:  report   os
truth:  exit   exit

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  install all the old site immediately after a site .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   set
truth:  install   a

test:  most appropriate ini implementation of each process .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  sets   need
truth:  use   use

test:  return the path to the hosts file .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get loops loops .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  add   get
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return the local revision for the current thread .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is an application .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   application

test:  handle a actions .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  coerce   mark
truth:  perform   null

test:  turn string in n format to ascii characters .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  object   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the integer and the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sends an email .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  send   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  converts an least common stats to a grains .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  reports   reports

test:  replace a mask with its regex .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this hook is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   hook
truth:  hook   hook

test:  edit edit in python 2 .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  update   retry
truth:  edits   null

test:  return an internal format size of the string or a string .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  generate all python metadata for the given path that is present within the given metadata .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  extracts   return
truth:  yield   null

test:  display the current database version .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  display   display
truth:  starting   starting

test:  return the requests data that marks a yaml file .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get information on a certain container .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the correct specific yaml file name from this directory .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  expected   return

test:  return a list of file urls for each of the urls .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse out correct task .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  allow   backslashes

test:  compute multivariate entropy of multivariate non-zero elements of bins and lab2 .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  given   logging
truth:  return   return

test:  build and run everything .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  build   setup
truth:  get   get

test:  return a logger with the specified name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   logger
truth:  return   a

test:  create a task with the specified endpoint from a list of functions given in the list of functions .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  create   generator
truth:  generates   a

test:  schedule a schedule .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  take in stanfords to get the global namespace .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  take   a
truth:  prepares   a

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  inserts inserts and all of the given target which have the given target node .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  skip a test if we can skip test .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  to   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  configure the old vtk lists of json .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  configure   prediction
truth:  configure   configure

test:  converts extra fields to an __repr__ pipeline .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  null   workflow

test:  performs a device descriptor .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  given a dict by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  null   return
truth:  retrieve   role

test:  verifies an exception using a string .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  test the debug can debug than filters .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  location volumes to a volume .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  post   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  check if http error code is 499 .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  default control pointer .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  like   contents
truth:  if   null

test:  usage: attr_gt .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  set   objattr
truth:  if   check

test:  generate assets assets for public and its data .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  load   format
truth:  built   remove

test:  remove all the old excess files having their plain text .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a post report after assertion setup .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  return   backend
truth:  preload   a

test:  check whether a short code is valid .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  check   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create the path to the directory that will be relative to the given package .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   create

test:  make sense .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  see   completion
truth:  -   -

test:  set the debug flag debug debug .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns true if the image exists in the image name of the image tag for a given image image tag .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   a

test:  constructs a string representation of an object .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  null   null

test:  fetches a user logs for webhook run using http log files .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  fetches   run
truth:  logs   logs

test:  find the top level namespace .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  find   try
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a type .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   a

test:  evaluate a rule into a sympy expression .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  roll   return
truth:  apply   apply

test:  insert value in dictionary target .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  value   text
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  check whether a user is actually a valid profile .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  check   a
truth:  verifies   secret

test:  create multiple drawdowns data from two pandas value .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the default header key from the request .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   http

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  get   try
truth:  to   try

test:  list existing list of user fields .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  list   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  if the string argument is true .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  hex   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  find all the first entry in the given sphere node are satisfied .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  find   version
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  return a dictionary of warnings from votable file .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  crop a single image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts im into im to a file .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  applies   tesseract

test:  return vm information from vm :return: a dict of the vms used in this hyper on the detected interface used for all minions .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  combined   return

test:  replace local variables for logging .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   rule
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return a list of the first kind between two strings .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same number of rows .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   tables
truth:  stack   tables

test:  return info about a user .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  return   members
truth:  replaces   members

test:  compute a numpy array of pairs from a list of pairs .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  find   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  convenience function to create blocks .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  function   function
truth:  to   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert to unicode string or a unicode string .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  to   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  return the right passed in list of available special data .
truth: available major . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator for creating an implementation of non docstrings interface .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  use this session to ensure that the ns api has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   delete
truth:  use   use

test:  add the instances of a list of instances into a function .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  add   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  return the content of the tag that are in the passed attribute with the specified attribute .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a fieldset instance .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the number of count .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  format a human readable unit unit spec .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only work when bower is installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  load   work
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install the combined requirements file note: the mock requirements is implemented: .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   python

test:  load a certificate under filename and return it as a single certificate .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  return protocol and chars from a url .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  converts the string s to python expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  messaging index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  sent   null
truth:  index   index

test:  language: ru -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   ru

test:  sets the alarm size of one time .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the datastore form of the datastore url .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  return   split
truth:  split   split

test:  for bivariate extreme eigh conversion .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  show the value of a single sdb .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  make   a
truth:  recurse   null

test:  get all the html blobs in the page .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  compute gaussian callback for pil .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  using   null

test:  render a json environment dict to render actions or data .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   render

test:  get a date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  get   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a url to mask from url .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  url   url

test:  imports and returns a django project loader file in the django architecture .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return one or more values used in the given locale and version values are used to cache canonical .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  return   null
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the provided service .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  submits to generate a csv file containing information about invited info .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  submits   a
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  test server daemon daemon .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  null   method
truth:  test   test

test:  the entire child token created and returns the entire child data .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  coefficient -> tuple return the coefficient function .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   coefficient

test:  return a journal .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  null   python
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the primary key in which the completion should be inserted like:: completion proposals should be inserted like:: completion = proposal .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  download an s3 object to s3 location .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   validate
truth:  download   download

test:  return the current time in seconds since the system .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  return   unix

test:  fix resources into the global logger .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  injects   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve all vms available vms in this environment .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  find a resource by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  find   null
truth:  get   a

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  local dictionary with the shared local dictionary .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  call   null
truth:  get   get

test:  checks whether an app app is set .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  return the leading and trailing byte angle of a byte string .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  null   bytes
truth:  finds   null

test:  context manager to temporarily add signals to the internal alarm .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  signals   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  string   columns
truth:  string   string

test:  returns a single file in switchs type is missing by smoothed times .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  create   a

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of strings containing range of type types .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  infer   a

test:  returns a short type .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  expand   expand

test:  should always be done by amazon .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  fail   test
truth:  nested   test

test:  generates the database preferred config directories to all the config directories .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  generates   get
truth:  get   configuration

test:  returns an environment variable .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that we can tokenize sources to underscores numbers .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return an proxy dict suitable for the bunch of its parameters scheme : dict .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  return   proxy
truth:  parse   parse

test:  only work on apt-based platforms with pkg .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   work
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if the given domain is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return 121 truncated after waf form .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  create a discrete random variable with an interval distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dictionary of snapshots for logging .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  validate the signal handler for a single workflow doesnt exist .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  validate   send
truth:  fire   a

test:  helper method to get a sample size for a profile .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reauthenticates the login form .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  reauthenticates   a
truth:  logs   logs

test:  returns the cut matching a directed volume size .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decode a base64-encoded string into the given base64-encoded string .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes matrix of circular elements of square image parameters factors : array_like .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  project   a

test:  delete database lists .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  stats   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a list of current compiler ids from the current database .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  conditional : and_expression expression rparen expression rparen .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   conditional_expression

test:  convert indices to a cluster that is suitable for sorting this routine .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   convert

test:  returns default weight shape for weights or bias of a initializer module .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper around aws lengths .
truth: given an index . 
test:  null   return
truth:  given   null

test:  show a message .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  trial multiplication algorithm for computing the power_exp or equal to b .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  compute   compute

test:  discretize model by taking the model at a model .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  if   model
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  verify that the specified gemset is installed with rvm .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a single resource provider .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  creates a product to create created for the locale specified .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for reviewing two instances .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   class

test:  purge away from the environment variables .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  download   in
truth:  clear   null

test:  make jail dont contain an log loop .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a 1d matrix representing the outa entries from k n .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  create   return
truth:  transform   a

test:  considering the kernel and last value between x and y .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a string size in bytes .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   format
truth:  turn   number

test:  this page is active by resolving when the proxy objects .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  edit   view
truth:  serve   null

test:  get file name from infos .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  file   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the list of variables ids within the global namespace .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the directory cache exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  combine a list of cloning .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  replaces   parameters

test:  the main task name for the given script .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  create   build
truth:  return   return

test:  version a fs notebook version .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  register   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a helper method to get the csrf csrf headers .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  null   a
truth:  context   processor

test:  uses python to write the given command .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  source   null
truth:  call   call

test:  get the user label of the app_label .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  resolve   fake
truth:  returns   app_label

test:  a description of reserved arguments .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file on sys .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  return   try
truth:  to   try

test:  prints to stderr nicer to stderr nicer .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  to   signal
truth:  print   print

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  if the given node is a decorator .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  test that collection of input source is allowed in a variety of input .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  returns a class in a l{irequest} cross model .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  define   a

test:  log soft weeks parse out .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  selected   remove
truth:  log   events

test:  open the uniform log file .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   value
truth:  log   log

test:  returns a list of new-style class instances .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper method for storing in subtree subtree .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   elements

test:  parse a template string for parsing .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a path relative to $pybasedir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the raw version of the given version .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  connected   input
truth:  decoded   get

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  do a stack trace and return an integer value .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  process   images
truth:  put   alpha

test:  calculate the [marginals group of the selected group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a usable response .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  get   delete
truth:  embedded   null

test:  wait until the mathjax javascript has loaded on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  only load if the mysql module is available .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  load   load
truth:  requires   requires

test:  generate generate generate generate new graph with some nodes .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  return   database
truth:  assign   a

test:  return the network device .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  return   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  an example function .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  normalizes a string .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  replace   string
truth:  to   converts

test:  get the centers of the loop .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  parse an object .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  read a debugging table from the specified telnet table and return a pep unit table .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convenience method for computing the carves text from the expression .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a dataset .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  copy a given [yaml_files] dict from the given public template .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write a header header to the index file .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   compute
truth:  pack   pack

test:  return the version of a package name .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   tshark

test:  if output .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  validate   list
truth:  list   list

test:  allow the exception for this snapshot that will run its traceback but keeps its exception when using the exception but keeps the snapshot .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  recursive   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  embed an image into the system .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  reboot   null
truth:  embed   null

test:  prepare specific filter .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  return   a
truth:  migrate   table

test:  take an array along an axis and convert to its dimension .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  take   indices
truth:  takes   elements

test:  returns a list of all track for doc data .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of inventory class asynchronously .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  removes a role for a group from a group from a domain or domain .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract everything from a annotations .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  build   up

test:  return a list of installed images verbose : boolean verbose uuid cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   info
truth:  import   import

test:  set and retrieve response from long status .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object to use for the cached localzone .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure the variable variables >= theano variables using the state of the state variables .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  send an email with the given name .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  allocate   send
truth:  null   factory

test:  collect with various generators .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  collect   null

test:  returns a callback function for use in the options .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  adds   a

test:  generate session in bind command document .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  generate   handles
truth:  null   data

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  do   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns failure and changes is not installed .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   failure
truth:  returns   failure

test:  return a reasonable transform with the same arguments .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  return   images
truth:  rotate   multiple

test:  forces an http support .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  forces   null
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager that ignores fopen by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  changes   update
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return an ping? digest challenge .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the mode value from a mode string .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of items for pairs .
truth: like repr . 
test:  null   a
truth:  like   repr

test:  get key based on category or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  get   object
truth:  find   channel

test:  return a dict like limit for one or more keys .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provided   apply

test:  returns the demo messages from a domain .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  code   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears accumulated statistics on all alarm nodes .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a buffer size for buffer offset .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the python code file .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  query to start provided revision .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  query   literal
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a member list page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   members

test:  return the options for a vm vm : string vm of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  start   a

test:  fetch raw images with the given target .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  grab   null

test:  generic document values that should be implemented .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a dictionary representation of a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  whether the dbref value isnt a dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  null   return
truth:  forms   forms

test:  convert a floating point .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  url   a
truth:  null   cosine

test:  return a list of all nodes that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   vms
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a backend is selected .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  set   a

test:  compute svd .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  find   find

test:  takes an headers and returns a header value .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a method for avoiding method simple method to add a method to http method .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  return   null
truth:  write   methods

test:  returns text representation of a urllib .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  used   returns
truth:  null   way

test:  return a 3d pil image .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  return   image
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a grains of the pairs of an html point .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  return   count
truth:  count   count

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  null   runner
truth:  null   runner

test:  check if the node has storage and that the user .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   checks

test:  parameters non-gapped in a hex color .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  null   null

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  factory which takes an operation and uses the library description .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the cut between volume and edges in a predicted node .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate positive value for a positive integer .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  validate   value
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete an node .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  build dict representation of the lun lun id for a given system .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  builds   null

test:  does this algorithm contain a lagged of keying .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  null   order
truth:  is   null

test:  return a monotonically increasing integer into integer .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read 3 encoded integer from a salt://_states group .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  combines   null

test:  i is the helper function that turns datetimes into json representation .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  generate a file with the given private key .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   secret

test:  returns an external downloader in the python path .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  given   null

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   pseudorandom

test:  check if a numpy .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  to   return
truth:  check   check

test:  computes the gaussian 0rows class for each row and share an image .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  computes   multiple
truth:  yield   images

test:  internal function .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  string   return
truth:  empty   return

test:  create an rich loop fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  create   waits
truth:  create   a

test:  return the url of service .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  return   in
truth:  constructs   null

test:  returns the bp name from a pathname .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   canonicalization

test:  this method is used to serialize the asset image with the default slash .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  the new errors .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  null   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   null
truth:  sampling   null

test:  upgrade expired upgrade methods .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get complex complex complex vector .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a suitable class where a class is a contribute .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  converts   class
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a directory from temporary folder .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  remove a website from an show path to the make sure that the singleton is invalid .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  installed   null

test:  yaml: cfp this plugin sets the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:envinject instances .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string format to an integer based on timezone offset .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the current session time for a given yaml file .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  convert data to a panel .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  label   data
truth:  converts   converts

test:  in a file and a given directory .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  determine the path for a migrate repository .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  determine   get
truth:  get   get

test:  clears all cgroups .
truth: cache management . 
test:  moves   null
truth:  cache   management

test:  get the path to the path to the registry .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  converts   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two ['update'] where the first is a single config file .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  combine   merge
truth:  merge   struct

test:  should be a list of images with the same mode .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  execute   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a generator for computing the tpotclassifier high .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  interleave   returns
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  enable   a

test:  regression test for bug schema; even if different from array is this bug of time series for dictionaries .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  check   test
truth:  url   url

test:  determine members or command with the desired tag exists .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  determine   namespace
truth:  determines   logic

test:  generates a set of parameter that return a double function .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  generates   checks
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  given a list of files .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  looks   null

test:  return the path to the directory that contains the file .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  creates the operations to raise a new adgroup .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  plots the plot .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  null   return
truth:  shows   shows

test:  test that uploading can be referenced by tests .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  serialize   test
truth:  create   a

test:  plots a plot .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  is   result
truth:  function   function

test:  test picking .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  io   io

test:  test that pootle_path cant be created .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   test
truth:  stores   stores

test:  sets the loglevel level .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  sets   test
truth:  function   function

test:  read template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  template   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  setup a value to a env .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  add   strings
truth:  null   a

test:  return mask which of n and convert/reshape to their events .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  return   events
truth:  mask   digital

test:  allow turning @roles hosts defined in a list of @roles .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  requires   null
truth:  use   use

test:  compute nth bessel function of the second kind or its z .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  generate crc-32c checksum of exact .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  compute   features
truth:  computes   a

test:  converts a string into a list of current commands .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  output   expand
truth:  return   return

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  converts value to integer and integer representing an integer .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  obtain   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a list with user == true .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return partition information from open dask cli example: .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  return   server
truth:  return   a

test:  raise an ioerror if one header has invalid header values .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  raise   scan
truth:  header   header

test:  check a hash containing a string and converts none to a datetime .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  string   null
truth:  convert   strings

test:  determine if a size is sizefilter enough .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  if   null
truth:  files   files

test:  this method is used to create a pyramid event policy .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  like   server
truth:  let   null

test:  generate a random number of 386-compliant usernames defined in a way .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns the rational expansion of a function .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  set the value of relevant relevant values .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  set   in
truth:  return   a

test:  set a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  set   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  remove task name from a module .
truth: given task name . 
test:  module   authentication
truth:  given   task

test:  like date:yyyy-mm-dd2016-08-09 but for inclusion in a bipartite fashion .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  escape   a

test:  you can override this include modules when a worker start .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  used   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start the specified range .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   null
truth:  notify   notify

test:  checks if a file is executable .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   returns

test:  copy the named file and place them into the filesystem .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  null   a
truth:  include   include

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  return the path where the given file is relative to the relative test .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  displays marked templates from fonts .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  merges   elements
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  show all links in a python salt poll .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  show   replacement
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  return   proxy
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a dictionary with all the keys in a and b .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   null

test:  split object id into an object instance and returns a tagged list of .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  return axes for your same length .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  return   plot
truth:  get   get

test:  copy a file or a list of data into the given destination .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   attempt
truth:  copy   copy

test:  volunteer cluster types controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  given a class name .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  given   null
truth:  checks   in

test:  converts migration that with limited vertical level .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  password   password

test:  create an text element .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  returns a test suite for the project .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enable objects into one instance of the given object .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enabled   set

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  pve url .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  finds   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote a string of characters arguments .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  null   up
truth:  print   print

test:  register a new default prefix .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   return
truth:  register   a

test:  regression test for when importing a file descriptors .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the host does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the date for a datetime or used for mpd .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  call   call

test:  return the admin_username .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  null   return
truth:  finished   connection

test:  utility function to get a string for primitive language .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  function   parses
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the network records for the bridge .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a server exists cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether user can permission to translation repository .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test that the score sets a wrong score .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return dictionary of logging field name .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test that nt ip addresses works as expected .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return an encoder object for the given encoding and the type .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  lookup   up

test:  return the number n validator of n nodes in a list .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  encode   version
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current theme .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   current

test:  decorator to temporarily calls a test .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  definition : print .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  null   batch
truth:  null   definition

test:  return a dict of output info for the logs .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   callback
truth:  output   parameter

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces count are properly handled .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  test eliot strategy for use by the combo .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  execute   expand
truth:  embed   canvas

test:  return workbook representation of an image .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the polynomial or sum of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an interface specification .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  create   notify
truth:  uses   uses

test:  decorator for views that require user to be user .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  lookup and return the result of all identity breaktarget queue .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  is   null

test:  warn if there are any absent values .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a collection object as an existing collectionsummarymodel name in the datastore .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create an order by specified order .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  create   null
truth:  place   place

test:  slices[ slicing: slices of dimensions .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  array   elements
truth:  get   get

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   desktop
truth:  test   pyopengl

test:  get the profile class .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a line number between nodes as a tuple .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  return   elements
truth:  place   place

test:  create a database database or raise server .
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if the header is allowed for the given value .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  remove   remove

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  adds a summary to a protobuf summary .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  get a queryset name for bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  uses lib2to3 to examine cyclomatic options .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  uses   bulk
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get an equalizer frequency value from an equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  release   a

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the xmlobject .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   bounding
truth:  center   center

test:  compute kernel kernel between samples in sparse matrix and y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete one or more tags from a server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  runn fix .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  fix   get
truth:  null   null

test:  return a module name based on the given path .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  return   restart
truth:  read   a

test:  returns dynamic .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   root
truth:  default   default

test:  creates an uninitialized matrix from the given uris .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate link to command line .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  link   results
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of a group .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the port and project databases cli example: .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   redis

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of disk .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  test generator on bad byte strings .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  try to identify a whatsnd file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  create pairs for each fastq header in a sequence of pairs this function works as there .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fasta   fasta

test:  generate uniform string .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the devices as a push url .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  function used to matrix of permutations .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  used   null
truth:  null   permutation

test:  redirects to the user cancels page .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  null   a
truth:  aborts   a

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  skip the data on data .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  raise   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a test view .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  create   tests
truth:  has   django

test:  jump_statement clip .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   range

test:  return the size of the file with the given filename or just a generator .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  return a 3d /%s data file .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  return   window
truth:  input   input

test:  robust confidence order function for an axis of the values .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   null
truth:  unset   null

test:  return true if the member in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  flatten a given array .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  flatten   indices
truth:  return   a

test:  construct a numpy enough dyadic filter that use a intelligently window between 0 and a numpy arrays .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  get   a
truth:  split   a

test:  return a list of strings for a single getstartparams method .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  uninstall a python implementation .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  pack arg to a list of tensors .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  stack   shortcut
truth:  pack   variables

test:  models are created through lettuce steps .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  are   running
truth:  uses   uses

test:  adds a custom doctypes list from database .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  build   a
truth:  module   module

test:  compute pairs connectivity between nodes of pairs of a directed graph g .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   node

test:  escape parameter name in text to make them possible .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   function
truth:  escape   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  custom logging about the dictionary .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a set of subclass dependencies for this css .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  yield an iterator by eliminating the exceptions in iterable by doing it .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  running   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  returns a boolean if the output has any output 1 .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a advanced error message with an including load_builtins .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  null   log
truth:  log   log

test:  check if given cinder is greater than a given cinder .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  setup   returns
truth:  does   null

test:  deletes the rights with given collection_id .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  given a row and a list of column bytes .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that a plaintext password matches hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  generate a tile string .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  null   method

test:  decode the given tag from tags to unicode tags .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  decode   sequences
truth:  returns   a

test:  write a wrapper to a wrapper .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   null

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   null
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should not resolve a absolute interpreter if given a absolute path .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  exit   exit

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  converts a _creation_order sequence into a float sequence .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a sequence of elements | divequal | attributes .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  plot the total y plots .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  null   null

test:  open the given log files and saves the given log file .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  write   a

test:  create a collection of hosts from user its name .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  reserve   hosts

test:  attempt to return a file using changing device .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if the url belongs to an html url .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   url
truth:  return   return

test:  uses the tornado http client to read the specified url .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  orders delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  splits a list into chunks of ngram .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  splits   list
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters to a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  admin view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  serve the permission instance from the domain .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  calculates up parameters for existing sort parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  calculates   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  decorator to assert a figure and desired desired date .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  to   assert
truth:  null   null

test:  return the running services cli examples: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes a existing options .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  prompt   a
truth:  null   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  merge external usage option .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  merge   description
truth:  merge   merge

test:  attempt to retrieve an module number .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compute the mean and right expression for name .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  corresponding   dictionary

test:  the default shift_expression .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  null   null
truth:  override   override

test:  return the config object from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  forced   a
truth:  return   a

test:  install flocker cluster on a root node .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  install   flocker
truth:  null   flocker

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  null   lyrics
truth:  null   lyrics

test:  returns the path of name2: when univariate is installed .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return list of device pointer to the device pointer .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  list   null
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a posix epoch to the number of milliseconds since seconds .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  deprecated   a
truth:  convert   milliseconds

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for generating opcodes .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  log a message with severity log message .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  run the rabbitmq test suite .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  run   indices
truth:  start   a

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  test the simplepush can be instantiated .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  test   reference
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  function to compute f from several polynomials .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a specified tornado .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   a

test:  define a loss loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  define   a

test:  return a list of package available for the named package or installation .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   interface

test:  verify that an certificate is valid .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  remove files .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  files   null
truth:  files   files

test:  add entity keys to query buffer .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  add   null
truth:  make   null

test:  randomly draw random permutation from a randomly generated or n-1 .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  null   null
truth:  draws   null

test:  helper function to get an single-sign-on list of changes that do ignored for the current logs .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  given a list of tuples of reachable deeper to the steps .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  function   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  add a flag to the api .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  add   http
truth:  null   credentials

test:  get the current event options .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  execute   options
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the gw netmask is a valid ip address or ipv6 address .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  if   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read data from file and return as a tuple .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  read   json

test:  test to ensure that hugs cut_off type works as expected .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  return volume info for tag with specified tag .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  block   name
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return site in sqlalchemy query in database .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieves   site

test:  given --run-without-docker argument and an integer for each test of its children .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  add   a

test:  compute the total mri using the --exclude approach .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculate   infinite

test:  when the args that are always use this function .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  return   function
truth:  check   check

test:  clears fragments in a list .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  to   function

test:  return dataframe gdp : gdp : gdp_yoy :(%) pi : pi_yoy:(%) si : si_yoy :(%) ti : ti_yoy :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  return user query string for the project or none .
truth: return env . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  for a file if it exists .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  convert   delete
truth:  if   check

test:  return a sequence of elements in a sequence .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  fetches a users profile based on the current user and users id .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  return   a

test:  redirects value .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns default ssl component .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  default   validates
truth:  return   a

test:  return the given encoding name .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  set misc positions to be a read positions .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  set   a
truth:  help   eeg

test:  the blobstore peak function to be used with scenario 2 and 3 .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  null   cone
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter controller - all inbound twitter messages go here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  translate can delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the specified service is available at boot .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return head function .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  null   objective
truth:  fit   rotation

test:  this method will return a theme to read a proxy site .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  null   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  the declarative that preserves produce multiple rules .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   strategy

test:  completes until there are completions correctly .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  revoke cluster privileges from a user .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  revoke   cluster

test:  project version form form view and garbage form .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   version
truth:  project   version

test:  converts field into a rendering package .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  converts   helper
truth:  make   a

test:  cached database tables .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get a task entity by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   a

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  null   additive_expression
truth:  null   additive_expression

test:  internal helper .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  recursive recursive function .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  maps   a

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  null   arctangent
truth:  null   arctangent

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from the vdi stored in the cache location .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  runs the application .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   null

test:  tasuki gap .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   information
truth:  save   null

test:  adds a translations .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  create a future object from a future including driver objects .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  build   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  writes a sentences to a file .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  given   prints

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap a string with python string .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  wrap   integer
truth:  decimals   decimals

test:  test that hugs uuid uuid function works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  api dispatcher for getting .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the tool shed of a service .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  return   a
truth:  collect   null

test:  convert a uniform resource uri into a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   permissions
truth:  convert   uri

test:  check if version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  assert that magnetic returns a static list of strings .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  assert   sort
truth:  null   a

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test covassert covariance matrix .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   precision
truth:  test   test

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the status for the webapp timeout : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   waits
truth:  to   null

test:  pull if the temporary app is enabled .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  pull   images
truth:  return   a

test:  creates valid group .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  to   try

test:  commit database for database .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  commit   delete
truth:  to   job

test:  handles the cookie form .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  processes   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  generate generate nodes in a square line .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   places

test:  create key .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   tuple
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  returns the filter filters through the filter index .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  computes   user
truth:  checks   user

test:  checks if two urls are supported on the same name .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   groove
truth:  add   groove

test:  elementwise natural logarithm function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  elementwise   logarithm

test:  return the number of keys in the selected database cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  save   null

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  to   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  helper function to get a topic of topics and courseware their topic .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to start a function in a thread .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  gentoo_mirrors a string or .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  casts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract tags from mako templates .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  null   pseudo

test:  sanitize s with all tab entities in s .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  s   a
truth:  removes   shell

test:  request to have students for a problem as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  to   reset
truth:  to   request

test:  test for a sentence of constant methods where each other than the expression operator .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  determine an credentials for an redirect flow .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package using same canonical canonical package .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return the highest version of a package or none if a package was known to build .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compare   software

test:  truncate text .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test classification report with iris private suffix names .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   classification

test:  returns a dict where each key is found in given dict of values are found .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  reverses   direction

test:  calls the users password by desktop and cupys it to the given password .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  hashes   hashes

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  find a high[nid][state] in the sls setup .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  find   filter
truth:  scan   scan

test:  return the global country code .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  return   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  output the output file size for strict tests .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  output   -
truth:  null   classes

test:  read a log file and return a list of year .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  read   context
truth:  null   timestamp

test:  returns unicode object .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  exposed exposed to download a valid setuptools and return its version .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  delete an http .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a list of colors in the order given by adding a user to the provider .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an integer representing a number of seconds since it was created .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  return   a

test:  returns timeline for attendance / calendar view rendering .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  test time support .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  reboot a shutdown .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  return whether the compositing compositing compositing is enabled .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   window

test:  extract the additional system path from the given python interpreter .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return list of names that have a given directory .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  setup   find
truth:  yield   path

test:  get all azs peering connection given a vpc peering name .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  get   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a file name to a tuple of .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  convert   status
truth:  converts   a

test:  text should be ignored .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  colorized   test

test:  serialize python data to options .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   python
truth:  serialize   python

test:  converts text to bytes .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  make   null

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  return a list of members for an rsa table this function is much to be the ipython database notes each members for the model class by the model class used
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  return   null
truth:  make   a

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed in the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if input is related to facebook notifications .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  test   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  basic time between 0 and end n chunks .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  null   a
truth:  makes   linear

test:  helper method to copy data from the same state .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  null   data
truth:  get   data

test:  find metadata in s3 specificed form that should be found within a dictionary .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  perform n composite numbers of n combinations .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  merge many bags together .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  merge   instance
truth:  null   bag

test:  increment datetime for yield items based on t .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  format   a
truth:  time   time

test:  test updating the meta data when cache is not activated .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  return   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  return a list of the state instance for the passed deployment .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   attempt

test:  vreturn activation function .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  find   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  fix symlink tests using the envs game files .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  need   need

test:  unsets all files that match a given original dict[file] and files .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of all available themes names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  unpack an socketfd support into one or more strength .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  unpack   consecutive
truth:  receive   a

test:  sets the currently selected objects .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of meters by project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  context manager for hg a task .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  grab   utility
truth:  clone   a

test:  add current svn files from path .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  module   return
truth:  svn   svn

test:  decorator useful useful to skip tests in testtools are requirements .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  build namespace based on python and a screen .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  build   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all services .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if path looks like a explicit url .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the old changes to the same name .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a windows datetime .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  trivial sparse scores into numpy array .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  null   content
truth:  issue   issue

test:  factory that will initialise and return the scenario that places load on the cluster by performing load requests at a specified rate .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  get the operation value along a time .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  if   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  provide pydoc .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fix the sys .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   fixes
truth:  fix   fix

test:  load all keyif entries for codelab model .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  check   guid

test:  lxml fixture .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  join   a
truth:  allowing   fixture

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  helper method used to retrieve a url and dictionary of parameters .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  null   version

test:  return true if path looks like an absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  return   test
truth:  test   wether

test:  tests the save report method .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  make   test
truth:  if   tests

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  return the bridge network interface for a given interface .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get the metadata defined in repository .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  context manager for temporary disabling globally installed patch .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   utility
truth:  context   manager

test:  check that lists is valid and old serial number of serial values .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  if   attempts
truth:  split   split

test:  is this a specified python module .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  is   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  pkg/typename -> pkg package resource name .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  require   a
truth:  package   package

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  see   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test mininetcluster() .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  creates   test
truth:  demo   demo

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   z

test:  submit queue calls to queue .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  submit   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  steps that match them as them .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   steps

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  for self-serve helper function .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  parse results specific to clade .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  null   results
truth:  null   models

test:  channel acknowledge section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  null   mode

test:  rebuild a value using the doctype .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  rebuild   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  status an esxi key .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  makes   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  create an xml element from a tree using a tree .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  converts   nodes

test:  return the axis tree boot by the specified axis .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  return   copy
truth:  performs   null

test:  return fake error level for the given filename .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  translate   error
truth:  rewrites   a

test:  read the legacy partition export from a legacy .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  read   in
truth:  convert   a

test:  sanity check for a sequence of count items .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  returns a validator that can be used as an attribute .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  model   model

test:  use this decorator to wrap a single action object into the confirmation icon .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  produce   returns
truth:  use   use

test:  iterate through all nodes and filter nodes .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  null   use
truth:  yield   null

test:  read from the given path .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  read   get
truth:  query   consul

test:  sample color main function step for each feature process .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  generates   a

test:  if arg is not none .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  unpack   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check for powershell ports on windows .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  simplified   return

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the last word of a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  place imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  given an amazon layer name .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  given   neighborhood
truth:  print   print

test:  return the difference between two hash strings by calling them .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  run a relative options .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  run   lookup
truth:  build   docs

test:  prints the data .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get a value from a service .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  get   read
truth:  get   a

test:  deserialize any stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  given list of keys .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  list   list
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  migrate fixture to migrate noinput .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  fixture   sign
truth:  run   syncdb

test:  simulate information matrix parameters ar : array_like autoregressive : array_like coefficients of weighting process returns arma : array_like .
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  computes   fill
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  null   parent
truth:  name   name

test:  determine detailed repository contains a specified repository .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   current

test:  checks if a user exists or mongodb the name of the user to connect to connect to port the users users on this user the database user the user to
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  to   users
truth:  if   checks

test:  set the log module if haproxyctl is enabled .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  set   load
truth:  return   return

test:  executing all types or general types that we find in a list .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   null
truth:  executing   null

test:  initial max_hits for a number of fields[field] .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  use   create
truth:  null   method

test:  to start still start at a function in opennebula .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  null   start
truth:  start   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a command .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  run   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  when using missing data store .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  warn   null
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  updates last_created_an_exploration of a user to the last access .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  evaluates   returns
truth:  records   records

test:  execute the comments on comments and returns the comment pattern .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute kernel kernel between samples in x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   cosine
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the type name for a function .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fork -> dict get a process .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  null   check
truth:  detach   detach

test:  test installing a wheel with pip install .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  test   user

test:  decode description for feed in feed and description .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  checks if the specified resetdb exists .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  resolves   validates
truth:  clear   null

test:  code for objects .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  function   null
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  launch a given launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  dump   return
truth:  check   check

test:  return lowess k with spatial k for each software representation .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add goes setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  null   networking
truth:  null   networking

test:  returns the disk logs to use for the disk logs .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   disk

test:  set the given properties on a child and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  set   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns a byte string .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  return   return
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  replace parameters for the given parameter with the given parameter .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  replace   example
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the computer message on windows .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert the given shape into a column of any probabilities .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  opens   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  decodes a slice containing only once when possible .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decodes   convert
truth:  decode   a

test:  write a multipart multipart data to a multipart image .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  write   text
truth:  encode   a

test:  constructs an asset id that does not have a timestamp id .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  deconstructs   null

test:  setup the available hub sensors .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  attempt to return the analytics date on implementation of analytics .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  load   null
truth:  set   set

test:  construct a version ports with custom bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   virtual
truth:  construct   a

test:  test the behavior of --local --format=columns flags in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   adjust
truth:  save   history

test:  return current user .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  context manager to catch all http http http response body uses the user to handle .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  apply   sets
truth:  change   change

test:  restart service via monit cli example: .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  is   null

test:  get input type to integer .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  send prompt for the cli prompt .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  set warnings in a :class:lazy .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  warnings   warnings

test:  registers the desktop modules alias with the given name .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   a

test:  return an iterable of domain config from domain name .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  return   a
truth:  registers   new

test:  add a setting setting to the given string .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the connected sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  it should extract a single step string from an array .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a dynamic attribute for an root node from the given object .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  browse   null

test:  setup the sonarr platform .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  compute free ori status by free when the fixed ori encoding and fixed ori status information is enabled .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  if   check

test:  generates spherical polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  generates   things
truth:  coefficients   coefficients

test:  return url .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  shared   function
truth:  try   try

test:  return data from a file-like object .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  read   read

test:  checks if this function is called via the numpy argument passed into the numpy argument passed in .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   categorical

test:  get the python object .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns utf-8 or unicode string containing utf-8 elements of x .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  returns   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  just like png data .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  null   load
truth:  load   load

test:  if the closest line is run and the current buffer .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  object   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the username of a new new new new username .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   null
truth:  change   a

test:  create a resource .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  step text .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  text   a
truth:  step   step

test:  create a network cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  require   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test that parallel and t t can be ignored .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  make   character
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the function f to a video/audio clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  converts   install
truth:  if   null

test:  test that we can test this one .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find files in |chunks| .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove a zone bound to a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  response response to numchunks .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  get course items in the course with the given number of tuples .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   a

test:  iterate over an z3 tm .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  compute   generator
truth:  is   null

test:  return true if *obj* is a iterable object .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show the cache@mobile edit request .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  show   templates
truth:  null   locale

test:  disconnect signals from signals .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   replace
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  return a set of words in the given words .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a zipfile representation of a zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   a

test:  return the orphaned vdis for each orphaned .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  return   matplotlib
truth:  orphaned   list

test:  pick the default stim reference .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  pick   default
truth:  default   stim

test:  decorator that records a successful event mine for master and optional additional data .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a url appropriate for a url .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   a

test:  used by the skimage flags to compile a as_view() filename into a worker .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  used   a
truth:  compile   ast

test:  this function will sleep when the finder window to sleep .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  shut   program
truth:  put   put

test:  sort a collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  if   check

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  decrypts [4] transformation .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup a generic configuration dictionary and password according to the @p model .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  setup   source
truth:  update   update

test:  checks if the connection should enter the vcenter .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  error   calls
truth:  if   test

test:  retrieve the number of lines in a byte line at the end of the byte to retrieve the byte .
truth: from url . 
test:  function   format
truth:  url   url

test:  returns a list with ids of all collections that the given creator who have subscribed to .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  subscribes   a

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  source   source
truth:  copy   resource

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  insertionsort array slices .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  recursive   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  register a service by name and set the callers filter_params attribute of the given name .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   part
truth:  register   register

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  calling   test
truth:  calling   calling

test:  return the largest centrality for g .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a geocoding .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  reverse   time
truth:  time   time

test:  creates two outputs higher targets .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  -   -

test:  remove an item from the gif .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   senderkey

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  delete an error call .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  list   list

test:  return the first package for the given package name .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a string is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  simple fixture to delete a member user .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  require   test
truth:  default   default

test:  chown a certain path from a gid group .
truth: same as os . 
test:  model   process
truth:  null   null

test:  uninstalls one or more packages if not already installed .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  updates   one
truth:  deactivate   a

test:  send order invoice invoice with order invoice after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   email
truth:  email   email

test:  return the pids of the process with the given pid .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   ancestors

test:  register a new backend on its configuration .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  register   contents
truth:  installs   null

test:  ensure entry point can be tokenized without the address .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  prepare to a multipart test .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  to   null
truth:  ensure   multipart

test:  create a managed zone .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns whether any existing group can download the specified user can download a specific group .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   tests

test:  this optimization creates internal: to pycuda for any possible weights that have the xblocks one .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert to process .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  to   null
truth:  process   a

test:  make sure item pairs are present in xml .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  attribute   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of lists .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  given   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  return a list of installed images verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  return   a

test:  get privs' cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   privileges

test:  get the complex .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  test - published template mode .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  null   fake
truth:  control   control

test:  perform a single string so that it can be used .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  perform   returns
truth:  format   a

test:  convert samples for array-like to linkage .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  like   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the python text version of a django django .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to trigger a client with the docker client data .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  apply all fct or unicode-safe .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return true if a and b are equal .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of users for a user belongs to its users arguments .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a given file exists .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  if   test
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the packet .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete bookmark completion .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  running   ntp
truth:  initialize   bookmark

test:  ensures group type access for group type is given .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  given   group
truth:  access   access

test:  check if path is an empty search data .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  function   delete
truth:  return   return

test:  create a tls url .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the indices of an array along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a pep paragraph directive or pep 302 output .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  text   text

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   tuples

test:  the samples of two terms of even .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a mapping of type name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove invalid path converter from path symbol .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   slashes
truth:  remove   backslashes

test:  group edit denied denied for an permission given user .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  reports   view
truth:  to   view

test:  set the value of an event on the event name .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  set   event
truth:  add   a

test:  delete an sns group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  edit   a

test:  extract the selected components from close .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  exclude   scan
truth:  exclude   exclude

test:  create state .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  smart_unicode test to the points of the points in the given list of values .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   product

test:  print the inventory from the network device .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   network
truth:  print   print

test:  get stay .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parse @alias and return an object .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  indicates   null

test:  copy a file from the zoneinfo to another .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  copy   convert
truth:  transform   surface

test:  a decorator for derivation loop through each direction in the passed language .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieve all open page info for the given user .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   notifications

test:  make sure the completion byte strings exist in numerical case .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  control   a
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  dummy implementation of a graph .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  verify   signature

test:  converts a dictionary converts to dotted path .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  used   null

test:  helper to connect to the show() headers .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  to   try
truth:  ask   null

test:  replace sympifiable in webapp grid function .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  check if an currently installed process is installed .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  if   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read content from rel=shortlink 2068 section 9 as a tuple .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  content   compute
truth:  read   read

test:  helper method for groupings that sets a group into columns .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns time of image stored in glance .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  returns   delete
truth:  clean   up

test:  this method creates an credit date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  set   set

test:  set dbms http server .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  set   a
truth:  function   function

test:  a view that checks the optional pages about a previewed .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  null   add
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a datetime to a datetime object .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  return   microseconds

test:  get the valid context .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   value

test:  check if a process is currently configured and it if it is configured .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a httpresponse whose content is filled with the user .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a datastore from the datastore .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  context manager for the relative directory .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  the main function .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  transformed function for getting a list of functions .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  prints   in
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a portion of a sharp log decomposition .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   representation
truth:  compute   a

test:  returns a sorted list of courses courses location .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  rotate   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  get a directory name with the provided name and users .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  returns   module
truth:  file   file

test:  test if a function out of variable with a new value .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  print print node to the node .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  print   validate
truth:  display   display

test:  add a mysql target .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  add   a
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return dictionary of information summary of a file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  converts a container id or name passed as the container .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  assures   null

test:  returns an flavor frame .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  get   get

test:  return a sequence of unknown flags .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  return   find
truth:  parses   parses

test:  print output info that are followed by and pad .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  warning   escape
truth:  dump   info

test:  export a string and verify that each expected operator is supported .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  generate   service
truth:  assert   assert

test:  create sailthru when a user is created by rational identifier .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  create   sibling
truth:  enable   enable

test:  basic the ovs-vsctl record .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  block   install
truth:  implement   null

test:  configure the current thin address .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  configure   restore
truth:  update   update

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  generate an appropriate number of channels for channels of image .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  generate   up
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a tool shed repository from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  image stays the same .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  stays   null
truth:  resize   promo

test:  jpeg data in jpeg format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   data

test:  split the full line to see if the line is documented .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  split   check
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the setup thermostat from an available binary sensor .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   register
truth:  setup   wemo

test:  extract multi-byte keys from private key .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  get   get

test:  write the string to a file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  write   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get json data .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  log   information
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a simple function returning a sequence of iterable arguments .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  chained   a

test:  retrieve files from files and delete them .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  prepare   generate
truth:  empty   null

test:  load load new key from numerical .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  load   null
truth:  populate   populate

test:  add user if profile is new user .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return a name for inclusion in a file system .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  return   null
truth:  escape   escape

test:  select *k* points from input using *k* algorithm given a recursive list of *k* elements .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  return   null
truth:  select   null

test:  load observatory database from data .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  load   kludge
truth:  load   observatory

test:  writes the message to the log file using the html loop .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  skip test if package_check is executed on pytest .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  if   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  return the contents of a sff header .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  return   temporary
truth:  clean   a

test:  a decorator for a take function or a target result .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  create   astroid

test:  return the full url and staff over the server .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  rebuilds   a

test:  creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  logs a friendly greeting to person given as argument .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  print   a

test:  usenumpy of *x* .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  convolve   x

test:  returns true if data matrix is a unique data .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  safely remove the directory of rm info .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  recursive   null

test:  finds and return the names for which the given working module kept .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  importing   support
truth:  import   import

test:  provides a string describing a multiline object .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  provides   line
truth:  return   return

test:  test installing from a wheel with no links .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  rolls back the transaction manager .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   function
truth:  rolls   back

test:  calculates the 17087277 transformation given coordinates .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  calculates   problem
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the cross log --pretty=online .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  compute   variance
truth:  given   ground

test:  stop the specified name .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  stop   manager
truth:  null   routine

test:  blend an image .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  null   check
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return the difference of two rows .
truth: compute np . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  compute   np

test:  write a file to a single network device .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  check that sparse model gives the same result as sparse model .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  create a new resolved database object .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set quotas for the import_from_csv_file and create are removed .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  set   fixes
truth:  validates   validates

test:  assign an object to a given name .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   info

test:  returns user copy of a desktop desktop module .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  converts   insert
truth:  return   user

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  makes aws tags from a dict with formatted tags .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  create   list
truth:  take   a

test:  used to support html values in html forms .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  this is for python 2 .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  search for orthogonal .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  search   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the encoding name for the given encoding and codecs codecs .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if present .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  send pending event loop to the ssm .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  send   usage
truth:  delete   a

test:  security a pem adjective by the given name and returns the rest key .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns python 2 .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  gets the secret secret for the specified secret .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  get   appscale

test:  decode a bson string to python string .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  array   utility
truth:  gets   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return true if data matches some arbitrary python module .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  return   return
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create a new numeric server type .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  return the security group name for a uid .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register error factory .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  register   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the second kind .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  builds a string representing the user attributes and returns a list of pairs .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  docstring   update
truth:  return   a

test:  blocking
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  del   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  list all user json user and write them to a bunch of the target database .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  wait for redis to become redis confirmation successfully .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  set bem surfaces .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  converts   compare
truth:  to   helper

test:  print a specified stream to stdout .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  check   a
truth:  print   a

test:  iterate over all commands and randomly sampled logs .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  existing   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  simple descent descent covariance matrix for the jacobian loop .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  null   statsmodels
truth:  null   heteroscedasticity

test:  create a dictionary hash for uploaded hash .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  generate   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a string for shell arguments .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  return   text
truth:  text   text

test:  on a context .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  select   exception
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a nuttall top window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a random numbers of its defined by the prng number .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  repeat time they are ambiguous; .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  warnings   a
truth:  is   null

test:  iterate over the corpus of a corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  helper method to split items of groups[item] for groups[item] .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  split   counts
truth:  return   candidate

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator which define function into function .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorates   decorate

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  return the current database position .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   type

test:  receives the named image reviewer .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  retrieve   update
truth:  sign   a

test:  return an open connection to the database .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  load   load

test:  return an http response object .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  plot a new axes using a axes .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   a

test:  fix any trees in the tree .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  fix   nit
truth:  search   search

test:  returns path of os .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix_expression : primary_expression .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  sets the current context .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  sets   javascript
truth:  removes   null

test:  write a window: file to the virtualmachine or classic file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   measurement

test:  get the default textiowrapper size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  makes a iso date time zone * a datetime .
truth: factory function . 
test:  create   set
truth:  function   function

test:  same as follower .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   api

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   identity

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  a simple view for testing purposes .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for parallelization .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the csrf token used to store the request 1 .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  returns   csrf
truth:  context   processor

test:  get the gid and add a group components to the specified name .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with seconds format .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  read equality_expression bytes from data string and return its pdf .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  check configurations in installed_apps .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  resolve   return
truth:  return   a

test:  enum_specifier : id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get a subscriptions for a specific topic of docstrings .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  link   a
truth:  get   subscription

test:  find ipv6 addresses from local debugging .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  collects   minimum
truth:  rules   rules

test:  accepts a buffer from its mime buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  ensure that users group does not exist .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  ensure   new
truth:  ensure   null

test:  update an length from the specified block block .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  all arguments that have been latency .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  null   load
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a tuple of data from the step given the category and optional hash of a body .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  select   return
truth:  convert   strings

test:  a function which accepts no arguments at all .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python constant source .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  null   a
truth:  evaluate   a

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test start with no given items .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return class="selected" for inclusion in a document .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   cdata
truth:  escape   a

test:  convert a range string into an integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  given   values
truth:  converts   a

test:  return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a placeholder implementation of false .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   os

test:  take a single test .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a security group rule from the project rule .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  default   default

test:  retrieve media user to the configured user .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  create a standard or docked interactive window unconditionally .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  reboot   one

test:  return a mock patching the variable with qualified name *q_var_name* .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a migration replication data .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the variable is a number .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a module from a list of modules .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  poweroff a running system with no timeout or warning .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   power

test:  helper function to compute a copy of httperror in a release change .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the path has a fake error in the victorops xml way that checks the path environment variable name and optionally be used for web application environment variables
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  return a list of topics .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   check

test:  a version of the greedy decorator .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  find   find

test:  yaml: dynamic-string-scriptler dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  used for where the image is images and only used internally are less than or flipping the image is images with images .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  implements all the type of a type returns the results of a object whose keys are raised here .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds a version string from a database .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  stop dtmf section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  null   service
truth:  stop   dtmf

test:  will check if obj is a module .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  return a standard nftables table with the specified nftables and nftables cli example: .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a regex .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the evaluated string .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  function   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  return none values which is a dictionary without their none values .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  create a stylesheet button for a security menu .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  create   sets
truth:  hide   hide

test:  copy a item from utf-8 then copy .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  null   deepcopy

test:  reverse function .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  null   return
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  run the internal script on the given namespace .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  run   hyphens
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the bipartite graph l of nodes and predecessors g .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  compute   a

test:  remove a question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  toggle   delete
truth:  accept   accept

test:  run a test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  list items for a list of items cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  list   template
truth:  template   template

test:  export a unicode plaintext graph in the add-on .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  receive   label
truth:  export   method

test:  check for previous weak table .
truth: process part . 
test:  check   privileges
truth:  process   part

test:  returns the given string names for generating case names .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  return the best fit for a and b .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  null   partition

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  update the latest version .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  update   place
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that given failedtocreatedatabase{ is present name the name of the db to remove .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  when a process fails .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  creates a list of class from the given class .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  import   a

test:  test the simple imports .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the begin and write the 0'?>\n" string .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  allocate an uninitialized result slot .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  converts an iterable of bucket paths and return a bucket path .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   bucket

test:  read rejection parameters from .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   rejection
truth:  read   read

test:  run the testtools test suite .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  run   run
truth:  wrap   a

test:  provides the ps id for the given process id and for our app id .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  provides   interface
truth:  gets   null

test:  table with 59171828 delimiter .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  null   table
truth:  null   table

test:  return a storage object with the get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine where both keyboardinterrupts and weights are equal .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a unique key for a list of unique elements .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  render a template with any extra context .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  test pilight .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  test   wsgi
truth:  if   check

test:  remove tabs from course type and update the course type for the course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   user
truth:  remove   remove

test:  perform a unslug search for a unslug layer .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  iterates   numbers
truth:  extract   slug

test:  determines the best match .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  get   page

test:  prints information about the output from the given cell header info .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   output
truth:  prints   prints

test:  do upgrade any upgrade queries on url and upgrade contents to upgrade .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  list   request
truth:  to   try

test:  initialize a release release .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  constructs network revocation function representing the mises padding .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  return   return

test:  function that processes model id to obtain the model .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  obtain   vendor

test:  shows all owner from sender to owner .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  quit   null

test:  sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json url .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled gmail]' .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the hive entry that is enabled for statistical parameters n : create_payloads .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  return   matrix
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure that a password with information about must have requested password and renders it .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  ensure   set
truth:  view   view

test:  creates a config file .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  run   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  download 'swarm- .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  null   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return the scipy matrix x at x .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  returns   matrix
truth:  null   representation

test:  module function to recreate a password hash given the maximum streaming .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  display the database .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  list   interface
truth:  shows   a

test:  helper to return a global meta information .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the eventlet in bytes .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  eventlet   eventlet

test:  return the trivial graph specified by a hub graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a hash is an item .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  expression : relational_expression comma assignment_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  null   relational_expression
truth:  null   relational_expression

test:  generates an individual page index link in the paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  check for common mistakes file in static files .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  check   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test raw data copy of raw channels .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  simple wrapper to search addresses .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  given   grep

test:  makes sure the legacy config is legacy .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  makes   sets
truth:  config   config

test:  see url .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  like   escape
truth:  converts   converts

test:  ajax endpoint for 404s .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  search   search

test:  return program with the number of background .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  return   checking
truth:  drops   drops

test:  inject server to cloud trees .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  unmount a partition from the repository .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  send a ['restorecon' to the default value of the container cli example: .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  send   a
truth:  reset   reset

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse a string into a pandas python version .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the logging verbosity used by the logging verbosity level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a new parameter page to implementation and delete an parameter .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  create   null
truth:  add   a

test:  when there is no concurrency while adding transfers while adding transfers while adding transfers while setting up after .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   a

test:  check if an agent is a string .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   css

test:  return the set of fields that the given content .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  return   check
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to bench branch .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns value based on dbms string representation of an integer .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  value   value
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  find the definite integral of a d node .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  associate auth with the same email address if there is no email address .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  associate   return
truth:  return   user

test:  converts a python 3 only to python 2 .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   python

test:  return the version of an element with no subprocess .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the snmp data out of a snmp character and all the snmp flag from the list of snmp values .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   router

test:  return 'bits version and ids of template .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  return   a
truth:  show   current

test:  same as cache for old script .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  marks a callback as wanting to receive the current context object as first argument .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the cached content .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  determines   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this cipher generates the corresponding dimension of the number .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  return   manager
truth:  counts   counts

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_abstract_declarator

test:  return the maximum of an array x under x .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  return   norm
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  compute the circular variance for samples assumed to have any samples parameters samples : array_like input sum .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   gce
truth:  allocate   null

test:  returns a tuple of variable shape and shape of array x .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of a dataset of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  adds an enum member to enum form .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks the given callables is valid .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  if a function is not being registered .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  marks   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  null   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  it should unknown unknown completion for the given default completion .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  null   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a dersequence object and then create the object and useful for **column** and then push the object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  transliterate unicode characters to utf-8 .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given the features value of an aff4 separated by deploying .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  given   attempt
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an state for a basis .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap a single paragraph of text .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  install a certificate from a keychain cert_name the keychain to remove keychain of the certificate to install the certificate to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  uninstall   install
truth:  install   a

test:  restart all alarm events from the traffic server .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list all command and its commands .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  list   null
truth:  command   command

test:  decrypt edata byte strings with unicode color code replaced by a character .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  text   binary
truth:  based   null

test:  launches the zone .
truth: register the device . 
test:  launches   null
truth:  register   register

test:  generate a sha from the open sha file .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  generate   read
truth:  hash   a

test:  returns whether the given user has blocks for the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the shortest path length from source to target in a weighted graph .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return full sys .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a fake payment db .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   test
truth:  fake   fake

test:  start a udp modbus server and run it .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  delete containers .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  delete   individual
truth:  remove   containers

test:  returns the path to the resource archive or particular event file .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  given   package
truth:  return   return

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator_from_middleware
truth:  given   a

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  replaces outer text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  simplifies   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a sorted dict describing all the data from the given key kwargs .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  import   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  remove an object .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the list of metadata for the given xblock object .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  a decorator that prevents action audit until an action is automatically authorized to call the given action function .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or many roles to a mongodb cli examples: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  add   null
truth:  grant   one

test:  attempt to import a package .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  context manager for include_pat output .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  context   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert terms to a polynomial relu or a constant polynomial .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  null   f
truth:  multiply   a

test:  it should extract a single step string from an array .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ask the input data for a string .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  ask   function
truth:  ask   null

test:  train an arp file .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  url   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get a mavlink partition with lsblk the system .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  gathers   lock
truth:  return   return

test:  tell a push volume to a new volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  tell   quota
truth:  enable   quota

test:  displays whether remote events is on or off :return: true if remote :return: bool: on modem" :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  the key* [0 .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  progress information section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  recall   calls
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  destroy all quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  attempt to decompose a permutation using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  if   attempt
truth:  optimized   null

test:  get an iterable value in a series of attributes .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  get   output
truth:  get   number

test:  system information type l2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  create modbus server containing bind server information to half consolidated information .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  init   returns
truth:  null   api

test:  sends an sms message to one element with scikit-learn flag .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  create an exponential function that returns a function with the same name as an exponential string .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ipv6 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  note['n stream deployment deployment .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  null   function
truth:  iterates   null

test:  test ica data raw channels .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   ica
truth:  running   running

test:  skip a test if a message is correctly .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attach a json milestons counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   null

test:  check if revision is set .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  returns   name
truth:  update   version

test:  resolve a user account .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  join   stop
truth:  sends   login

test:  ciphering complete section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  complete   returns
truth:  ciphering   mode

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ site-local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a string in request .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  set   builder
truth:  score   score

test:  return a dict containing urls for the role .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determines   null

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  round   square
truth:  square   square

test:  return true if executing is available on the minion .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  return   correct
truth:  null   null

test:  wait until the given page represents a browser timeout .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  click   click

test:  get the 'snapshot-list' with a given id .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return a hierarchical data for testing .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  return   return
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieves the function along the most volume along a linear volume .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  recursively pull fields from dict and values that are registered in the passed fields .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return a boolean indicating if a user has studio access to modulestore .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return the line number from the same header as part of theano .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  simplify   a

test:  hash password in a password .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  password   user
truth:  hash   a

test:  constructs a reference from the entity .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  prepares   null

test:  equal_weight -> lower .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  null   equality
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test gl functionality for full functionality .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  convert a string to its none or false .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send and communicate the result .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  write   null

test:  write the squaring to disk using restify .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  write   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  runs the credentials for a specified vm .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  predefined   return

test:  deletes the named job .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  create   remove
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a module from a module .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  parses structured data from saved log and returns a list of parsed entries .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  read   a

test:  removes the data from the cuda api .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  removes   product
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   reload
truth:  verify   null

test:  turns a package into a string representation of the package database .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  turns   replacement
truth:  create   a

test:  disassociate a floating ip address from a ip .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  floating   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  computes the shortest weight discrete nodes in the graph g .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  no settings file should gracefully extract values out of settings .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  settings   config
truth:  is   null

test:  converts loss entropy to a number of values in the current scalar .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  converts   compute
truth:  null   criterion

test:  get the analyze plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute logistic loss function of x and standard log consuming .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  perform   in
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove duplicates from sequence wile preserving order .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get all policy details from a user .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorates a period of bytes to '\njustmarkthetest\n'func .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  signals   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  filter to find values in a dictionary .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  to   find
truth:  matching   matching

test:  test classes for 'pygal-chart' 'pygal-chart' .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   classes

test:  helper method to get the region number given a given phone number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  set a single paragraph vectors for title and apply to a new numeric layer in the following shape images .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  internal routine for python 2 .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  receives the input given the user metadata .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns the device size for a file .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether the user has required access to log .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates the specified ngram value in a list defaults .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  bind a set of effective clause to a dictionary .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  sanitize   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a numpy array that is used to use with on/off interpolation .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  inverse of a sound using low-pass <bokeh .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  null   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a shell-like generated files to bootstrap .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a on/off .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   loader
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the default image name .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  function   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the metadata reference to the xenapi location .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of tuples representing those items in each line .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  return   request
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   http

test:  add the response to a json result .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  runs   response
truth:  given   null

test:  generate graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to path .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  generate   graph
truth:  write   null

test:  return the date for section of a date .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  search   a
truth:  expired   show

test:  fixture which provides a fake config config config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the duration notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be converted to the appropriate local path syntax it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the alternating group of order n as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears the current request buffer .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  to   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  takes an iterable of code and returns a prefix for debugging .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return line given the upper sha1_mangle_key line .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  return   update
truth:  compute   md5

test:  escape text with reduced lines .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  same as a default key function .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  detects vision in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   part
truth:  detects   faces

test:  returns a list of visible identifiers in the current table .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  extract the current line and extract interesting from the previous line .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  outline the file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  outline   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  asus-wrt data into '1970 instances .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  null   function
truth:  create   a

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  takes a list of all descendant that are considered from a node and an opcode in the post of a node that are considered from the node and an traversal
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  bans a twitter account from using the permission tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  bans   a
truth:  ignores   a

test:  returns a randomly sampled job making a job making it random integer .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks to see if d is a valid percent .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parses the given set of units defined by tensorflow set and units for tensorflow .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  parses   return
truth:  null   null

test:  save a given filepath to python binary .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  function   change
truth:  writes   null

test:  accepts a filename and return a zipfile of ast .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  see   null

test:  outside message .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  log   run
truth:  initialize   null

test:  applies mean .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  floating   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  print a bad bar line with information from each line .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  return   a

test:  testing the double quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  revoke us to be done for a task .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   shows
truth:  revoke   task

test:  returns the difference between two dictionaries .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   i
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a cumulative service .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  start   a

test:  load current redirect to context .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  email   get
truth:  load   current

test:  make sure that the error is small .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  error   check
truth:  raises   null

test:  check whether column can be imported extent .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  returns   input
truth:  null   null

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  return   mock
truth:  mock   mock

test:  generate alternative for static file .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  loads an object from the namespace dict .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  loads   sets
truth:  populate   populate

test:  return a short .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  return   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  convert the argument to an argument passed in .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  return time in a datetime object format .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  time   a
truth:  to   utility

test:  render a template runs the same way as you can be used with a browsing display .
truth: show django . 
test:  render   a
truth:  show   django

test:  get a set of tool tool to the dependency that is connected to the aliyun is from .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  get   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  return the list of functions with obj in tuple of classes .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  language: fonctionnalit\xe -> language class supports nario' -> language class .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  setup warning category in warning .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  warning   assert
truth:  set   set

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   motion
truth:  compute   motion

test:  given the theano .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  null   init
truth:  initialize   theano

test:  configure logger .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  configure   logger
truth:  logging   logging

test:  reads the modules in the imported toppath .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  reads   permissions
truth:  return   return

test:  count the common element in a collection .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  count   calculate
truth:  assumes   null

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  null   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  congestion reallocation section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  null   label
truth:  control   control

test:  include local and completes .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  retrieves   message
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check if user auth info has been set in environment variables .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   user

test:  return a string of length letters .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  control-n in vi edit mode on readline is search previous search state .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  null   move
truth:  search   search

test:  return the json object from the bom cache contents .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   json
truth:  return   return

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  default view that renders a custom template path .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  djangos   view
truth:  default   default

test:  runs echo on a shell command and wait for it .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  null   a

test:  escape a go string representation of a city arguments: form|as_crispy_errors:"bootstrap" : deployment name .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  make   dict
truth:  return   a

test:  test find-links as a egg .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  decorator that passes a controller to complete via http request .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse namecoin lines out of key -> list of pairs hooked through the two parts of the entry .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the list of message objects present within your code .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  sorts   null
truth:  null   method

test:  return certain version of the current linux distribution in a dictionary format .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a log probability distribution .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  normalize   x

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  takes a specific image from the xmodule input .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  mean   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an check_duplicates unicode to a byte unicode string or a byte array .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the given filename is a any file that will read the file directly in test for the given filename .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the synchronization value for a given prefix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   key

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   appends
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  performs a permission check with the given obj and user and user .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  quit pending menu .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  match   fix
truth:  like   like

test:  statement : while lparen expression rparen statement .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  this is a common output from the attributes dictionary .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   field

test:  get bytes from buffer defined in buffer if bytes is supported and value is np .
truth: return major . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  return   return

test:  load an image file .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   a

test:  return true if primer contains any mismatches .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns if the view should get a filterable .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  countermonotonic bivariate copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   bivariate

test:  returns the file descriptor .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve a appstats name for a particular python object .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  split   null
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a pylong series to a tuple of integers .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  convert   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get a class .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  same as old script in the silvercity .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a list of one-vs-one api .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  add   value
truth:  returns   a

test:  test various mlp with mlp can test intervals .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  test   task
truth:  create   a

test:  return an peeled refs file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  return   serialize
truth:  generate   info

test:  check if an xml tool is available .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find the revision version for the draft version for the draft .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   set
truth:  module   module

test:  check to check if sos is scipy .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  null   exists
truth:  check   check

test:  check a warning .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  check   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  returns a collection containing integer .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  return   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  checks everything is only present .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  reconstruct   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  setup theme cache .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given response object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  post   null
truth:  add   http

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  given a stream of bytes or data .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   a
truth:  fragment   a

test:  return a list of test tests from a given list of callbacks tests .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  detect nested tuple to sort element along ind] .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  nested   get

test:  returns a list of tuples suitable for lines suitable for lines of a particular authorities header lines .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  invert groups in dictionary values from their sizes in it .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  map   map

test:  return true if value is a lock for a file .
truth: lock file . 
test:  null   return
truth:  file   file

test:  computes a token hash for the given jwt .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  get the wcs coverage dict for a grid of value .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert toc toc toc name to its list .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure the named user is created to modify persist to be created .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  change   change

test:  setup the mqtt cover .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  lists a qos to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a string to human readable bytes .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  return   return

test:  transform two hash by mapping .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  create   a

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  test that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a list with all sorted values from the given key .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a generic helper method to check if it is a contextmanager .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  to   null

test:  process the cut for the list of helper: .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  process   process
truth:  return   a

test:  return a normalized image .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  verify transport to open a file references .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  determine if a loop is intersecting or is intersecting the loop lists .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  direct   null

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  if we find things in a bit item use this to avoid python related down the way .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  move   normalize
truth:  null   item

test:  call func with given args and sleep .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  func   call
truth:  func   func

test:  get tab .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  get   return
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an host configured host device .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  converts a validator into a flat .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  gets the description for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  maps keys for attachment summary view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the open port on which it was created .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host system in maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  put   put
truth:  take   null

test:  construct a single continued length from the numpy length .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content/leaf nodes in this file and returning all the immediate topic .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  generate an image .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  points   points

test:  creates a category for a category .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the loops from loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse server .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert obj to a python object .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  obj   convert
truth:  to   function

test:  set up warnings in a thread .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  set   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a tablespace name database name of a tablespace .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  helper for setting radio channel button to other radio .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  deal   null

test:  read lsm sequence of lsm pairs from file .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   exclude
truth:  read   lsm

test:  return an ino device name for the given dev .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   current

test:  execute the given audio stream .
truth: get streams . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  get   streams

test:  return the binary representation of human readable strings .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require the system permission .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  check if shape is compatible with the same name than type .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  get the value from the tour boolean value .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  get   get
truth:  if   check

test:  return console permuted .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the url for the given language .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  take   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes nth derivative of the second kind and its derivative .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  null   numbers

test:  sending message to the room api v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   notification
truth:  sending   message

test:  creates a new environment .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve information about the provided user from :class:formatter .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  retrieve   backend
truth:  format   subscriptions

test:  parse a url into a relative url string .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  canonicalize   null

test:  the erfa code that are not within a given erfa ha .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a file is a device .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a string is valid .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter rfa: applies to pacific countries only .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  null   test
truth:  provide   null

test:  decode the given host string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  restart the zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  boot   boot

test:  return the biosql graph from the 'string'} specified by join graph .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  return   example
truth:  load   graph

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get reference to the vm with the uuid specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  get   reference

test:  differentiate and evaluate a polynomial in x_j at a in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  like   null
truth:  order   order

test:  beamformer constrained .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  constrained   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  set the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns single doctype get data from a single document .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  returns   boilerplate
truth:  return   a

test:  get the path to the path to the registry .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  checks if an ip address is a valid one .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  dotted   convert

test:  api: accepts name .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  read a fiff file from two filename .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  read   xml
truth:  show   show

test:  check if user is an special directive definition .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  add a page to an item from each problem type .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  add   items
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  return the base filename from the path .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  map   a

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the same key in data .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   default_data
truth:  scan   default_data

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   a
truth:  dispatches   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list all python packages supplied as a script where should be converted to the appropriate local path syntax it will be converted to the appropriate local python binary
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call x with *timedelta_unit* .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  finds   filter
truth:  like   like

test:  return float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  return   get
truth:  wrapped   get

test:  configure flocker-control for flocker-control .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  configure   install
truth:  install   zfs

test:  create a new post .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  factory function for testing courses .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  function   create
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of the messages that are allowed .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  milestone add .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  add   handle
truth:  null   milestone

test:  helper function to get reference to the reference with an html reference .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  determines appropriate constraint from a constraint or a force type .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  marks   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return firewall name from zone .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  default   default

test:  return a vdis of two terms .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert mappings onto the subscription .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   entry

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  upload the remote system .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  append   track
truth:  upload   tarball

test:  test a none .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  returns a numpy no node of a service instance .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  r^2   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch a remote refs .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  list   queries
truth:  objects   objects

test:  outline the file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  temperature   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  check the existence of a static file .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  check   a
truth:  source   source

test:  evaluate a capitalize rdata integral .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  evaluate   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to convert a cookie to an 302 created on an 302 .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  plots a figure .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  plots   returns
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman top window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a fromty into an int value .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  creates a variable with the shape and returns it .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  see   a
truth:  reshapes   null

test:  convert a human-readable term to a raw term string .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  information about an ret['res'] period .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  manages   list
truth:  destroy   session

test:  a convenience routine to pick the named graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a url pattern for the given image .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  return   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a list like elemwise or item if it does not have given length .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an image into a network input .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  converts   x
truth:  subtract   mean

test:  prefix all prefix in a key separated by name .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  prefix   format
truth:  based   null

test:  makes a proxy method with a passf .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  null   magic

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for host .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  get and display the refetched for resources .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  generate an hosts handler .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  create   socket
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure that the ftensor conversion is equivalent to the gpu locations of the gpu locations .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get word from markdown file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  loads an paramiko client on a specific host .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  try   passwordless

test:  retrieve all the available roles in the provided system .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  determine if a timestamp is 0 .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  if   null
truth:  files   files

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  simple view function using visible functions .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  function   null
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a random threshold given integers correctly .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns true if given stream is valid csv .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an instance in the instance .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clean up git expansion .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  clean   command
truth:  git   git

test:  test deprecated: - check for older valid interfaces or a .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  to   test

test:  parses a llvm function function irbuilder .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   calls
truth:  define   a

test:  helper function to unset the memcache mapping .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sets   multiple

test:  return the global time object .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  return   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of local or remote branches with tag entries .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test missing required argument for missing required .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  missing   test
truth:  show   show

test:  a utility method for parsing key for parsing a string .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  based   null

test:  creates a space separated list of [x]html values .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the unique number of args queue size .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a remote repository from a file .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  working   run
truth:  changes   changes

test:  takes a bunch of statuses and an error code and returns the result of the given document .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  log   history

test:  send a switch server with the parity server .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  send   null
truth:  using   testing

test:  try to talk to the users headers .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  to   null
truth:  call   call

test:  get equation for rectangular z .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{list} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   i
truth:  converts   converts

test:  create or update the database .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  create   assets
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  crop each pixel in the big image .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  if   answers
truth:  if   null

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout and captured_stdin that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  reset the current audio stream .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  called   null

test:  a template tag that adds a generic python page to a page .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create an event object that can be defined by a line .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  create   vpc
truth:  injects   null

test:  these are no bundle bundle .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  null   test
truth:  missing   a

test:  parses a module in topic and return the list .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  load   c{g}s
truth:  null   c{g}s

test:  update the cached packages .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  list   change
truth:  config   config

test:  check whether the given user has access_level .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  deprecated: waiting for a mimetype .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   builder

test:  print a file in the system path .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  given   a

test:  subroutine to create a djangousermixin frame .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a callable for the given function class .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the quota image number or storage .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  called   method

test:  sets the memory configuration .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  sets   helper
truth:  set   set

test:  use a doc[i] documents into a search document .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  encode   document
truth:  append   append

test:  load a new member .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   groups

test:  for an iterable of objects .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  null   start
truth:  returns   returns

test:  assert the input array and possibly significant size of host .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list e .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a string object to a dll object .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   dll

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  create and return a factory function for filters .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  create   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  reload the given command .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  command   null
truth:  null   reload

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   new

test:  clebsch scaling for :func:idz_sfrm .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  helper function to get unique email from site status .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the name of the python backend .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  get   return
truth:  backend   backend

test:  return a list of tuples of all images containing the given shards .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  determines   null

test:  change the docker container name container name or id cli example: .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  change   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  get comparison in order to sort keys in key .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   comparison
truth:  get   comparison

test:  return a candidate code that is a candidate index .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  return   name
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the list of management account for the user .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  list   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  generate a string in a named scalar .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  join   join

test:  checks the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a path corresponding to the default scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  if you already exist in a list of *options* .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  set   function
truth:  set   set

test:  run metagenomeseqs css algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  return the path where conda is located in the path .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  supplied   null

test:  compute the vertex indices of a source space using a shaped operator .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  null   init
truth:  restrict   null

test:  read config definitions from the traffic_line command .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   f
truth:  read   traffic

test:  generate a daily block across the specified addon .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   create

test:  make an xml operator using the svm operator .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  retrieve the ndarray-like request object from the database .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  a arguments .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return an rte context into the same context .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get the list of pairs .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  creates a directory if necessary .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   create

test:  mapping[k] cluster mapping .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  returns whether we can np the mixed numpy operations that we have a given kind .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   variant

test:  queue messages from video files .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  null   a
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  find a stim channel image .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  find   events
truth:  if   test

test:  checks that the given module is a version of calling modules that is being used by calling module .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  null   plugin
truth:  set   set

test:  return the list of stored updates to the specified vm .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   versions
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a value to a given value .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  takes a range of today and end .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  takes   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  eip gateway fail to error on regular code .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  null   error
truth:  error   error

test:  collects the vdi-ref to match the "iso .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  it doesnt upgrade a dependency if it already satisfies the requirements .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  get endpoint from a loop .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  unmount a target expression with the given target .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  configured   a
truth:  unmount   a

test:  instantiate out passwords with an ssh url .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a clipped remaining path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  import   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  return whether or not an subprocess is a certain subprocess .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  unshares photos from existing episodes with an existing viewpoint .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  unshares   episode
truth:  adds   a

test:  return available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  initializes the wan assets to be used with the settings of the script .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  dispatches   everything

test:  parses key = mktemp() in sql query string .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of lowest groups from a specified orbit .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  convenience function to print an html event .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  print   print

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of degree acks for the given graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  default exceptions .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  supplied   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the path is a file .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  simple bookmarks from a file .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  import   bookmarks

test:  return true if the image exists in the opf axes .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   a

test:  print a list of notification notification .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  create a statement node from a tree or leaf instance .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  create a fake implementation of the package with the same kwargs .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  iterate   attempts
truth:  pass   in

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the schema schema object for a proportion objects .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate an xsrf authentication token .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  raise an object from resource class .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  set   null
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  return media library object list of media library library .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  returns   media
truth:  get   media

test:  merge the existing dir .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  merge   source_path
truth:  given   null

test:  return the connection to the regular connection .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  return   information
truth:  grab   mysql

test:  get and transfer intersection loop from the intersection loops .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return string in hex string .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  urlencodes   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test if docker traffic is defaults to make sure docker filtering is dependency .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  default   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  default   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  returns all namespaces within a return a migratin with the following one .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  disables   return
truth:  provide   information

test:  respond with bulk requests@login signal .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  command   data
truth:  display   display

test:  the linear output constraint x .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  compute   linear
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get absolute path to resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   element
truth:  increments   element

test:  converts integer to fileobjelse and return none if a string containing only one price .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return information on a specified raid device cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   a

test:  finds an executable in the same path .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  calculates   return
truth:  update   update

test:  runs code in the given module namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  runs   init
truth:  execute   a

test:  find logic in order per window .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  display   a

test:  shut the server .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  like   arguments
truth:  server_root   server_root

test:  return an executable in the given dir and find a list relative path for the given dir in the given dir .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  return   search
truth:  scan   a

test:  converts embedded option to an embedded property object .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  go   null

test:  make a implementation that relates to receive yaml files .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if the body is empty .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a new sum to the given stream .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  checks to see if the connection is currently set .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  to   null
truth:  function   function

test:  a convenience method to create a cipher .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  null   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  api: accepts auth .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   p
truth:  p   p

test:  compute the inverse of x values for the ses .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  return   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  create a message that emits message about any msgelse standard output .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  create   version
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the contents of the file containing the file .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file object and .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  add watching metadata to the post vote .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a blob from the given path .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the volume statistics for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  embed an image into the filesystem .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   set
truth:  embed   album

test:  gets the name of the file extension .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  grab   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  simple routine to complete rules from a list of rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  using   null

test:  computes tris .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   sparse

test:  a version of int .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts binary string into a list of characters .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  is   output
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a given series_id list of questions for a given series_id if the complete_id is also provided then an annotated @todo: remove all the data given series_id is also provided
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   function
truth:  build   a

test:  copy text into a cms text .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a plot from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a rule name put the named targets from the target list returns a dictionary describing any failures .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   add

test:  build a url if theyre in url .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   build

test:  get vnc vnc ports from vnc port .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the variable is an exception .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  return   retry
truth:  check   check

test:  the the the completion interface .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  null   get
truth:  initialize   null

test:  stack service compiled by name .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  debug   null
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  handle the int handler for the configuration .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use an observers message and passes it to the server .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  use   symbol
truth:  solves   problem

test:  create a task with a given course_key .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  create   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  rule : .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  null   toktype
truth:  null   rule

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  accepts   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a list of paths matching a glob pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto libraries are installed and correct version of boto param from a given version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply a sympy apply variable to variable .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  apply   add
truth:  modify   null

test:  test a line profile using an ndim=2 mean and the same mean of the image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  return   return

test:  return an array with vector to one element from [loc[ .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  return   loc
truth:  convert   a

test:  capture the output to a responder .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  capture   method
truth:  hook   hook

test:  return a service name for the given service type from the service type .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  return   null
truth:  select   null

test:  get xread data and return contents .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  filename   filename
truth:  read   read

test:  send reformatted translations to your request .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  send   send
truth:  translated   append

test:  return the current config directory .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   users

test:  filters given volume id and outputs .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  null   volume
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  take a list of possible item and merge their corresponding one .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  take   null
truth:  execute   something

test:  probability of matrices .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  null   pdf
truth:  null   derivative

test:  returns a unicode string of a given number of unicode characters .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the name of the tree for various types with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return unicode string .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if address is a link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return qurl .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  given a number .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  given   find
truth:  find   find

test:  a convenience function that returns a round instance .
truth: get the round . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  add mapped row and columns of given dataset .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  patches   initialisation
truth:  to   function

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  fetch the mercurial value from a string and return it in the given location .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  to   string
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses the version string to get the gluster version and the internal cwd .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  parses   find
truth:  perform   a

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  given   indexes
truth:  null   dict

test:  generate filtered wavelet parameters for self-serve .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  generate   in
truth:  -   -

test:  check if a file has any of its files in filenames .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  sends an email to a user .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  sends   email
truth:  email   email

test:  returns the current datetime in datetime .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  is   null

test:  run the supplied command .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  run   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   probability

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  load   load

test:  back response for callbacks and local meta normalization .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  sign   redirects
truth:  null   response

test:  returns an zookeeper key type .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the bdy bdy node sets .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test a cumulative distribution with %s constraints .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  print a list of folder .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  simple task to add allowed .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if the field is errors or tuple .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  turn a dictionary into a dictionary that has particular keys .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  testing   a
truth:  like   like

test:  send a message .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  send a node with the desired email aliases .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the current cache date .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a function .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  given   ramp
truth:  raise   null

test:  check if this line is used .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  submit "find for a course .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  select the next return next if holiday falls on next direction .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate an comma-separated spaced .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  invalidate the results of data that have been run by the branch .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  resets   reset
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager that changes the stdout given stdout .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  context   code
truth:  disable   null

test:  given a list of nearest users .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  given   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create a notification about an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return if we are arraylike / arraylike / arraylike / arraylike .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  like _simplesizer except for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if appbundle is running on a list .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list the prlsrvctl cli example: .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  list   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  create a clip with the given clip and attributes .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if obj is a type .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  return   a
truth:  obj   obj

test:  get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  enable version of the git environment .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  construct   new

test:  writes a file object to the git contents of git .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  generated   a
truth:  write   null

test:  returns the default table to use for the default instance .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  xml   xml

test:  query[ an unread tell from target args: name the query results to run unread the query .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  to   a
truth:  tell   null

test:  poll replacement to wait until predicate is true .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  wait   up

test:  validates the schema for properties in markdown text .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of tuples of all unabletoretrieveinstanceflavors .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  delete elasticsearch authentication .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  wait   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return python interpreter object for this interpreter via prefix .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check that an instance is a transient instance .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  setup https component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   insteon

test:  check if an node is blocked via super .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  yaml: versionnumber generates a build for the clang scan-build scan-build log plugin <sloccount+plugin> .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove tab from the cr .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  remove   replace
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  null   function
truth:  sends   null

test:  validate a logger uri path and get the logger id .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  clean up the version of the site .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  clean   install
truth:  require   null

test:  return version info cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write out the device in trip format .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  write   a
truth:  null   pretty

test:  produce nodes in a depth-first-search pre-ordering starting from source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  returns   nodes
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  tests for a task_id: source object .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  translated   matches

test:  element-wise an rcode tensor between two tensors and a shape shape .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  square   square

test:  determine if a name is a legal resource name .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  returns   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of credentials to the specified instance .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian matrix in for since a particular fixed_length call .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  stochastic relative strength index rating .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  determine the setting for a django setting .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   branch
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume iterator n-steps ahead .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  advance   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a boolean .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  check whether it has any ordered symbols .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  blocking isend .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  null   send
truth:  blocking   non

test:  return a set of set thing with a single object thing .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  given   get
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse options and extract it into the document .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  null   a

test:  generate shape coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   circle
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return whether a process should -1 on given pid .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  measure   numpy
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns a storage object .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  returns   network
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  loads and commits the given os'] if not provided .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  bootstrap for the archive relative to the archive that is present .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the 227 response .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the mongo options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  run a function multiple times .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  run   numbers
truth:  null   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  download path from filepath if it was already in use .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  a decorator marking a template class for attribute *attr* of function attributes .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  find a project from its path .
truth: test if . 
test:  find   a
truth:  if   test

test:  return an user like instance like this: .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  return   create
truth:  add   a

test:  expand the object into the same router .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   email
truth:  expand   expand

test:  class decorator for classes that require a periodic type .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  null   language
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the value of the default config .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  combine modified timestamp on one object and update the modal data in name .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  set   a
truth:  modified   sets

test:  generate a snmp installation .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  apply copy of an iterable stanza stanza to a binary .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  copy   register
truth:  associate   a

test:  returns a list of files for the given path and type .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   violations

test:  find an absolute directory in the path for a given directory .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  find   return
truth:  looks   null

test:  converts a url~mesnilgr/atis/ object to a c{tuple} .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a oslo_messaging serializer .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  take a list of n random numbers .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  null   copies
truth:  divide   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  build a dictionary to properly encode the given options .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  build   a
truth:  emit   null

test:  create a socket shutdown and update the ssl closing .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  null   null

test:  immediately that tuple-ize a reverse to be converted to the right request .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  null   a
truth:  enables   a

test:  get event manager from media list of dictionaries .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the line number where the first line matches the whitespace .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  return   null
truth:  correct   correct

test:  redirect password to password .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  password   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  factory a function decorator .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  mail   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  homogeneity execution of homogeneity .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  null   classification
truth:  null   metric

test:  definition : small_stmts : small_stmts | definition_type .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  adds a postfix ip address into an http request - useful to bypass the end of the comment postfix notes: * useful to the request to bypass several web application
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  find   appends
truth:  complete   null

test:  get path .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  round   round
truth:  get   path

test:  compute time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   get

test:  equivalent to the directory path specifiers for the given list of modules .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  to   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  empty   c*x**i
truth:  order   order

test:  check for precision .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   a

test:  modify missing info .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  server   server

test:  find a regular expression given its first element .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   x
truth:  find   image

test:  asymmetric matrix modulo decomposition in fixed_ip .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   integers

test:  the restful handler for ajax exceptions .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  debug   return
truth:  create   a

test:  assert that asserting a bug with the right output .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  null   self

test:  get the default group type for migrating cgsnapshots .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   email
truth:  send   send

test:  add a new uses deprecated function to each value in printed .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a tuple style for the given grid .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  get proxy setting for bypass .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  make   sets
truth:  read   proxy

test:  return folder with images in each 'i/ .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   group
truth:  remove   group

test:  loads a file ]+\\ .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  move templates by serializing points and default templates .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  null   elements
truth:  build   a

test:  loads entry from distances .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  loads   return
truth:  name   name

test:  return true if the xmodule attribute is ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a set of intersection values and a set of test values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return response data from a response object server .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  return the object_id value for the specified validators type .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  return   function
truth:  raises   null

test:  create an api request for the user .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  get the base class name .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns details of the environment .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   paths

test:  element-wise a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  function   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for demo .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  null   merge
truth:  return   return

test:  returns whether the object is a pow object .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  returns   object
truth:  return   return

test:  export the course_key directory is present .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  null   docstring
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of valid objects containing ids .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test basic length can be initialized in a list of tuples .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  resolve arg into a absolute ripemd160 .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  arg   in
truth:  arg   arg

test:  load a result dictionary that reads the supplied cache .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  load   virtualbox
truth:  caching   null

test:  accepts a list of shared themes and checks to the given path .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  display   display

test:  return a dict of all ckan classes .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  create amount of items to handle within a group .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  combine   counters
truth:  convert   a

test:  verifies that the provided credentials are valid .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   authorization

test:  vector a 2d tensor without copy it .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  makes   arrays
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return server files in a censored format and .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  check to see if the file should be used .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  null   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  generate text for inclusion in a string .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  append   literal

test:  get the version of currently installed version containing the local version of currently installed version .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves the value for a clsid .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return an http stream or a document .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  return   read
truth:  read   amf

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  formats a time as a string .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  plist : step plus qliteral | ruleitem rpar .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   null

test:  return list of fields given model relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  remove the easy sdk from within a postgresql module .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  remove   set
truth:  resets   null

test:  return the wsgi host for wsgi host .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generates a random alphanumeric directory .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  install the package specified in the one-click module .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  install   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return an appropriate type from module .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decrypts cypher using key in header .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  decrypts   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator that checks if a user is a admin test .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a random range string representation of an array present .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  returns   map
truth:  coerce   null

test:  a file descriptor to list to be closed in child processes .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return a run function params .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  return   fix
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator for checking if he is not once .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a file to a string of bytes encoded in packed byte string to a long integer .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  write   null

test:  return boolean series/array if its warnings is fully used in the same format as defined in the division-by-zero .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  return   boolean
truth:  find   find

test:  generate sjson for sjson speed up everything at the same location .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  generate   transcripts

test:  return the name of the given markup for a filter lifecycle .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  return   app
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the user_id for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  load compiler zmq library from the config files returns dictionary of zmq directories .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  create   load
truth:  load   pyzmq

test:  loads an object from the given object and return it .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns unicode object from python 2 and str on python 3 .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  wrap arguments with sentence-like .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  wrap   calls
truth:  returns   a

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drop   database
truth:  drops   database

test:  get the location of the host .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return a friendly string with a service .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  rendered   page

test:  given a list of lists .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  given   output
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  extract the specified field from the given key string .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  value   value

test:  check the samples used to compute the translation code given by default .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  save   test
truth:  visualize   null

test:  return whether a user is contributor to a contributor .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string in kolmogorov-smirnov format to cache-control format .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  utility function to build the events of an http failure .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a w2p dict with deprecated name .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  format time in section 9 .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  time   a
truth:  return   a

test:  function to decorate methods to a native object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  obj   set
truth:  return   method

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to register a test class .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait until the specified lock has ready to be retried .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  wait   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a random replacement for the given second .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a wait structure .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  run   a

test:  given a socket class .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  test for issue scipy .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  rest index of a neighbor operator parameters names : bool or method returns neighbor .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  compute   sensor

test:  returns the expected list created with a number of objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  for relative path .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  null   send
truth:  null   entry

test:  rest controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  used   null

test:  remove all the specified key from the specified key .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   method

test:  utility method .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the reduced row of k .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return ports created by the port number .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   ports

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  validate the password password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decode a date format and returns a date object .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  run unit tests .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   unit
truth:  run   unit

test:  return the most of platform on a system .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get object vertexes from source object .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   process
truth:  get   get

test:  generator that returns the root node of a tree in a tree .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  null   null
truth:  traverse   a

test:  renders markdown with all reviews chars .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  markdown   null
truth:  unescapes   unescapes

test:  pytree the next configuration dimension for a tree .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  split   null
truth:  enforce   a

test:  convert a string and its iis arguments .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  like   get
truth:  null   opposite

test:  converts string into a string suitable for readable urls .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  an step sanity check on transform .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  null   iso
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test installing a broken package with broken after installing from a setup .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert outf writer to a unicode object .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  test that javascript autoencoder from npt npt correctly .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  rotated   test
truth:  null   null

test:  check that the output type works as intended .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  train   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  get   limit
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculates stop 3175 statistic .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a formatted mapping units to a specified unit .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  bytes   amount
truth:  support   support

test:  concatenate two lists in array at index .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  split   split

test:  returns unicode info from native string .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  like   like

test:  get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  creates a decorator for a view function .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  classify documents on a basic matrix such as spaces .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  invalidates   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  call markdown text .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  markdown   convert
truth:  render   render

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   null

test:  concatenates one including operation from a list .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  if   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  clear a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  clear   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  add the current page and all the cmc style can be added to the correct style file .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  particular standard print handler .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  profiling   up
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  create a public datacenter .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  create   a
truth:  enables   null

test:  creates a new dict validator .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test loading error when given file is created .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  plots   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  replaces a call .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  run   reload
truth:  fix   fix

test:  see if a state is a generic key .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  if   parameters
truth:  output   output

test:  runs a command line as specified by the user .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  run   run

test:  find unique columns .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   primary
truth:  find   find

test:  pads the tree2semi_rel or style block size into the proper simple_stmt .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  pads   pad
truth:  apply   standard

test:  format an ndarray style coordinates for construction epoch .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  format   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the support automate notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a generator for routes that match the signature of a func parameter .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of the factor that are not factor between the same length of values .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiates a uniform distribution filled with uniform distribution # arguments .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates the proxy wrapper for an ssl server .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  processes   a

test:  get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  makes   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate all non example files from a gallery .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   plots
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the contents of a file in a dictionary .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  test   test

test:  set quota usage dirty bit for the given resource and tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  set   quota
truth:  usage   usage

test:  perform trunk .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  create   a

test:  open a file .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  returns standard normal distribution from standard deviations 1 .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  print a list of logged .
truth: list own . 
test:  create   reader
truth:  own   list

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  remove remove from an element .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  helper function to convert standard normal information from standard lightness format .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the given properties on an instance .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  delete   up
truth:  add   members

test:  assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on the distributed server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a blank ]e parse _version with a tree .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  add   add

test:  return the nltk as a tree object .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   predicate

test:  puts transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  checks   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  check the value of a scipy .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  convert   database
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluates connected .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  sampling   array
truth:  input   checker

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  load a movie from a movie object .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return the name of the shortcut associated with name .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  run command on the subprocess .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  indent a string or special characters .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indentation   a
truth:  indent   indent

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  add a flavor access to the tenant specified by the tenant .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a dict of zpool from a zpool .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  return   matches
truth:  provide   grains

test:  adds tidy information from an timedelta .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  adds   precision
truth:  release   release

test:  return authentication form class .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  setup a cypher camera platform .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  delete an instance by removing it from an instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  change source string flags .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  source   handle
truth:  source   source

test:  return information about the version of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clear post/put body of a specified content-type .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  to   request
truth:  add   a

test:  require an arch linux package to be uninstalled .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   package
truth:  require   a

test:  calculate the kex method used in requests which are supported in key exchange .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  if   convenience
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a float for a decoder for a fixed-width wav floating point number .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  return   seqret
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the 1024 content-disposition bytes for correctness of a file .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a cors is allowed .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  rgb an rgb file from the specified 2-tuple .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  load   load

test:  horizontal sobel on an array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  grab the name of the python script named by name .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  grab   return
truth:  returns   script

test:  returns the configuration .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  value   value

test:  generate a random string for externally authenticated characters .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  return a bunch of ports with the payload .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  build   dataset
truth:  null   a

test:  return url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  return   url
truth:  url   url

test:  decorator: always returns a function .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  null   frills
truth:  null   frills

test:  multi-dimensional binary structure with the specified shape .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  null   a
truth:  iterate   a

test:  get the index index its text index .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  object   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a a[b] b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensures that the raw word is not set correctly work .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  load   load

test:  does this string contain a line .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  does   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the size of a field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  sends the flash times and returns the != status .
truth: index handler . 
test:  sends   function
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start a function using a simple status .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  solve   solve

test:  get a cached size of a user .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  get   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  searches for slashes .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  sets   sets

test:  merge dictionary in dictionary .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  merge   one

test:  create a user object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  create   a
truth:  if   check

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  starting   starting
truth:  test   test

test:  executes syslog-ng .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  null   start
truth:  null   null

test:  cast python objects to json .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   method

test:  list the policies available .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   calls
truth:  list   list

test:  converts a given descriptor to visible .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   returns

test:  given a list of dictionaries .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  given   check
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  creates a repository_review file with the given precision .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  elementwise arccosine function .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  running   in

test:  get extension from a list of file we should use as a regular file .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  get   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the python path .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a list of default rownum format .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  create   validation
truth:  is   formatd

test:  routing reject section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  retry   mpl
truth:  routing   area

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic of the cubic suffixes at a rotation distribution .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  error   find
truth:  null   a

test:  decorate a function used in templates with a different attribute .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  determine the bracket plot error message and bracket zeros .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  return   collection
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  start the files under the abort repository and disabled .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  unpacks   interface
truth:  apply   apply

test:  export a single tool table in the default .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  fixes   doclist
truth:  export   data

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check a job is enabled in the correct queue .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  list   a

test:  install a {} application by the user .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   enable
truth:  install   a

test:  display pending status value .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  apply   information
truth:  null   information

test:  returns a dict mapping prefix for a cluster .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  insert all the data which have a stdout/stderr as returned by a function .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  function   convert
truth:  visit   visit

test:  make a test to see if a n-grams parameter is set .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  makes   validation
truth:  null   null

test:  generate correct chars for use in a string .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  generate   in
truth:  clean   null

test:  get the inset loops from loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  true if value is a boolean .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  read from django .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  start   nova
truth:  initializes   null

test:  check ssh private filename and return the ssh private key .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  ssh   return
truth:  return   return

test:  is the figure to the current figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a u'redis instance of the same redis version .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  detects image description in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   landmarks
truth:  labels   labels

test:  creates map[any into a protobuf .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  analyzes arguments: tex_root -- the path to the document as a string .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  check   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resource component page header .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  null   headers
truth:  header   header

test:  return a hermitian x data .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  left   null

test:  check for a line that check whether line is not explicitly .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   no

test:  computes an appropriate hashing using dedents sha and a signed object .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  create an empty media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns python objects for the given value .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  string   python
truth:  returns   python

test:  return the list of the persist modules available on the system .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates threads from asset in standard 3 identifer .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  creates   test
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator to run up at least api .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set the privileges as a dictionary where config strings are the necessary dictionary .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  set   set
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates a dictionary from a try/except location .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  safe loading the job with appenderquery parameters .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  null   sign
truth:  quit   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the sigmoid dataset .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  returns   processor
truth:  returns   b

test:  signal handler for child process is a new-style pid .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  simple place for specified functionality .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a variety of http date formats into a datetime object .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 k]score cup .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  tag an image from a provided repository .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  return   value
truth:  resolves   resolves

test:  edit edit line .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  edit   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if you get tag-commits with specific special time .
truth: process one link . 
test:  if   link
truth:  process   one

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  interface to git-commit(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout opts any additional options to add to the command line .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  get the shell .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  get   sets
truth:  prints   alias

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using latest already used by creating a version .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that passing kwarg routine cases for 1 cases .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  test   test

test:  if /queues is not supported in the db .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  detect   parquet

test:  convert the map method to an integer .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  creates a histogram of two images .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  extract a string and display it into a line/column list .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  extract   init
truth:  function   function

test:  run a remote url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  run   care
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a list of arent found which are on the current context .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  list   null
truth:  remove   apk

test:  what a message to stderr and return a status code .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  runs a wsgi function as a fastcgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  runs   a

test:  separate each file in a manipulates list .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  scan   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  test the same hint as one should be shown .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   message

test:  retrieve the index of the line at the given line body .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  returns   line
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deletes a specified topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  records   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a user .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  value   notification
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  parses general columns of a block in structured format and outs .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  index   a
truth:  null   group

test:  merge two dictionaries where an arbitrary list is added .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merges   null

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test that the data behaves using an tmpdata home directory .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  basic auth auth handler .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  returns   password
truth:  returns   a

test:  set proj to the proj log repository and generates the user .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  set   null
truth:  deal   null

test:  reset the data from bom .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  resets   histogram
truth:  reset   reset

test:  returns the path to the display cache directory to download the data directory .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  check if a filename exists in subjects_dir mri directory .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns true if value can be done in a new one .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the list of available audio output modules .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  add specific helper function .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  port   null
truth:  set   set

test:  resets task and status .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  writes   import
truth:  import   import

test:  returns a multiline thread that notifies the output with the same one .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  given   null

test:  return a list of windows identifier in start and article .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  extracts the classical and its derivatives from the given port .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  check that an inline feature is enabled .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  does   null
truth:  to   method

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run the modbus server and start a subprocess instance .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   method

test:  collect common entries for the same input .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  collect   validation
truth:  run   run

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is turned into a unicode object .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the number of published posts in blog count .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  put   a

test:  check that discrete types are valid :arg monkey-patching .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  set the value of locale to render the command to the specified locale .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  set   set
truth:  use   use

test:  casts a casts or object to a dict .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  casts   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  creates a class decorator that ensures its home assistant file .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  creates   find
truth:  if   checks

test:  parses the query string from a source file into a directory .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  parses   s3
truth:  given   null

test:  test surface bem solution .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   variable
truth:  reading   reading

test:  **b decorator for domain .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  translates a function to use in the given datastore .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  test socket validator .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   database
truth:  socket   socket

test:  tries to import a css instance .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  return   read
truth:  returns   a

test:  read a resource from the same entry as a resource object from the sentence or a resource .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  read   a
truth:  correct   correct

test:  list all zones records for a zone .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  computes a pandas expression from a raw data string .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  adds x to a math operator together .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  adds   exp
truth:  compute   compute

test:  revert two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  emit   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively move file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks for valid dna characters in dna / errors unless flags are valid and the list of dna characters also flags are passed in dna / flags .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  yield successive generator through nested lists of length s .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  tests   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  confirm an email .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  normalize time spec with optional s/m/h/d/w suffix .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  time   a
truth:  time   time

test:  set decoded video format .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  decoded   set

test:  returns whether an arch linux version is installed .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   return

test:  zones configuration .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  add   configuration
truth:  null   configuration

test:  check that compatibility with stale pid is stale .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  check   read
truth:  create   create

test:  use an encoded filename and return the contents of the filename for every filename .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  use   a
truth:  object   object

test:  determine whether the given code should be run in uniques .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  code   in
truth:  if   null

test:  normalize filename: test for bilinear distinct .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  looks to see if mdata-list is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read valide information from start and start date as upgrade .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  saves   a
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  set the virtual pkg module if the os is enabled .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  set   work
truth:  null   service

test:  creates a dataset wrapping two state and ensures that other layers gets correctly picked apart when you use a dataset .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  attempt to check a stats object that are considered by the given extensions .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  performs   check
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the master user is sentinel name the sentinel server to initialize the sentinel master master .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  makes   master
truth:  set   set

test:  add or remove a url .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  set thicknesscorner text and mac things .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  set   fixes
truth:  parse   svg

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait until timeout returns none if timeout evaluates an open function .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  wait   sleep
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  returns ansi escape code .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  get a project instance for the docker-compose file .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  get   try
truth:  load   a

test:  make matched text metadata text .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  displays the row and save it if they save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  return a dict of files that have <li><a date into a and penn glob_path: inclusion in chunks .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  looks   null

test:  stop a rule if it does not exist .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return a boolean if there are a given node .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   transition
truth:  call   call

test:  get current datetime as a 5-tuple .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  like   null
truth:  if   return

test:  list out channels .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  list   runner
truth:  null   utility

test:  exit status .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  exit   runs
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the given group type item .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  quote all and/or cluster on the cluster .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  post   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of current numeric output from uct cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  mark a task as a task .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  lists   user
truth:  wait   null

test:  generate a string .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  save distance in the standard deviation .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   reports
truth:  save   null

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  return enclosed date based on passed data date .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  lock   parameters
truth:  null   replacement

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  return the python trend instance for sys .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   hook
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns nested changes from nested changes .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   format

test:  parses the metadata file .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  null   lines

test:  it should ignore a background doctest sentence into an array of tags .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  null   predicate
truth:  null   null

test:  make the matlab matrix out of uptime definitions .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  make   a
truth:  checks   parameters

test:  regression test for url .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a single versioned document .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  generate   api
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  if   key
truth:  if   key

test:  sgi image library .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   image

test:  stop service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set hostnames'] config so that we can split the distribution to missing recipe .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  check   null
truth:  set   set

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  declare   null

test:  returns true if pid exists .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  use   os

test:  performs deseq2vs or compress changes of a callback with the specified internationalization and returns an empty string .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  displaying   null

test:  test that passing html should only replace quote column .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a postgresql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  redirect to project/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  to   redirect

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  formats a string format size in bytes .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  returns   bytes
truth:  turn   number

test:  return the job for the job .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  return   format
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a method and invalidate an instance of a method with a given name .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  null   standard

test:  update a user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  parse a otu table as keys .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  parse   app
truth:  opens   null

test:  helper to remove a resource and all sentry .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  return   a
truth:  name   name

test:  get a module .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  find   a
truth:  load   load

test:  context manager that implements the target in reverse chronological .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  context   label
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a helper method to check an auth error .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  null   function
truth:  find   find

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  merge   try
truth:  to   try

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  encrypt the sign and sign a closure message with the optional message .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the virtual id or list of all data .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  extracts   a

test:  add or replace a fragment and/or query paramaters to a given url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  regression test for issue #1150: grouping to populate a hour unit .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a json managed dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate translation flag changes after cache .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  null   update
truth:  related   update

test:  initialize qt protos .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  interpret   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  return the proxy for base name that is not in the database .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  return   find
truth:  update   update

test:  badrule : declaration_specifiers init_declarator_list semi .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   bad&rule

test:  return a relative level string .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  return   p
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract nibabel .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  init   python
truth:  null   helper

test:  check that overriding actually use consistent callable .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  check   test
truth:  is   null

test:  run a command to execute an exception containing the given status input and return its output .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get the list of zones owned name from this regions .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  get   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  to   options
truth:  given   null

test:  compute f in gf(p)[x] where f is a in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  return   return

test:  if the version of the python 3 .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  if   list
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the version of children are running in a list of accepted agnostic .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  check   null
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a human-readable learner object from the given learner type .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set a cuda variable of a dict .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  set   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the sos[section zi zi for an n-dimensional array parameters sos : array-like returns axis : array or tuple of the axis .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  given   compute
truth:  filter   data

test:  run nesting module .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  run   testing
truth:  test   test

test:  prints header information that isnt an echelon header .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  null   retrlines
truth:  format   format

test:  undo the requested number of changes .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  undo   undo

test:  convert hex string to a returned object .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  change the subprocess path of the given arguments .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  change   attempt
truth:  specified   null

test:  find an content in the given document uri .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  find   parse
truth:  look   null

test:  quote non-ascii characters as one that represents shell functions .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns the cdf that contain the specified inverse .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a string to a standard python object .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  get   information
truth:  format   format

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne clean_eog_ecg .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  run the importer for the command line use basic basically .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  null   up
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the node name from the given node .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  release release a release group by an id and release it .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  release   release
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the estimated estimated estimated estimated filter human readable form .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  create database tables .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   osc

test:  find the paths for a path .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and options .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  null   price

test:  return a list of these bindings this will be supported in your system .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compare the two ver1 versions .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compares   null

test:  unfinished and end of matrices from an array of dummy coefficients of time indexes .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  create   null
truth:  start   start

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by seconds .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  make the timeseries and index of the given conjugates .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  make   n
truth:  is   null

test:  helper functions to convert hex strings to floats .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   k1

test:  return a number of decimal formatting patterns .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove such that most resource_type .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   tags

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute hilbert transform between signal data .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  normalized   compute

test:  given two lists of strings in the given qpointf uuid .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  convert   a

test:  thrift -> n-length a python function .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   data

test:  this module has no external dependencies .
truth: always load . 
test:  needs   module
truth:  load   load

test:  adds new id} to the given id} .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a new instance .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a new model instance from a model .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  view   view

test:  set current audio output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  selects   null

test:  test that a hash can be used with a wheels requirements .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   null

test:  unzip s to a string or a bytes object .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  gives   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  embed files can be available for project .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  null   a
truth:  have   a

test:  formats a time according to the given django .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return true if provided string doesnt start with text compressor .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   test

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  if the sdk is a cflags string .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  get all serial rate .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   average

test:  returns dictloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset the gui .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  testing   sets
truth:  null   everything

test:  create an 'snapshot-list' hash .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  adds the given loncapasystem repository to the inputs of inputs and ins .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  adds   lock
truth:  sympy   sympy

test:  return the str representation of text .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the coefficient of two standard deviation along the specified axis .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  retrieve an element from a certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  retrieve   certificates
truth:  builds   null

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  returns   send
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  convert the value into the default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   null

test:  detect if the given function node is a decorator .
truth: function type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent suite is followed by a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get a list of namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create event .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  create   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  return path to an absolute path .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   null

test:  return a pre-release based on python module version .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  send   fake
truth:  mail   mail

test:  given a list of pairs .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  rotate   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  parse arguments .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  parse   method
truth:  run   run

test:  reverse page: simple language .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  create an entry from the database .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  create   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of name .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   details

test:  prefix should be a content in the range .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a streamhandler .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  make   boto
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve all instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return true if *uri* can be parsed into an gcs uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a liveaction in database .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  get   return
truth:  context   context

test:  check if an entity should be treated as a projection model .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  entry point for taking the minion .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   return

test:  gets the text that was detected in the text .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   call
truth:  gets   null

test:  create vm for a vm .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   a

test:  write html output to html .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  write   pie

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  write paths for all the given path .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  append   append

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if subtracting is farther out of dimensions in the series is farther out returns: series is anomalous if subtracting is anomalous .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  return hosts and standard name .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   hosts
truth:  return   hosts

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the radians vector3 from counterclockwise angle .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the network language for the current project .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  return   function
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  read a file and encoding from text file .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  reads   file
truth:  return   contents

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return whether object is a type of object or list .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a comment from comment .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  file   file

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  view all the wiki document .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  view   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  validate configurations .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  null   method

test:  connect to aws access :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  test that goes up mne attached gui shape .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   rc
truth:  test   test

test:  find submodules for given package .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  load   import
truth:  import   import

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   master
truth:  expose   null

test:  return a list of dictionaries for each row and their output .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  return   elements
truth:  rows   rows

test:  get the string contained in the file named filename and python source code .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  null   get
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a individuals for a jinja2 .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  return   matrix
truth:  renders   html

test:  always returns a module if key is not in it .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  like   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns true if the ipv4 address are valid .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a png file from a png extension .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  create   gradient
truth:  given   null

test:  coupling with bottom convolution .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   a
truth:  coupling   null

test:  return true if f is of an existing form of the original symbol .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds a json handler from the django template and terminate a json object .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  null   null

test:  yaml: mtp publish mtp to provide support jobs .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  null   gitlab
truth:  null   null

test:  utility function: unpack parameters filename : array-like input file .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  open or disable interactive storage .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  open   update
truth:  set   set

test:  return an acceptable method that has the given function .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  bitwise slices with eigenvector assertequal to constant in inputs .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  null   array
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a list of pattern containing potentially elements from re .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  return   occurrences
truth:  find   find

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  local noise threshold value for each pixel .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  return   return
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an 'pui <url .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   a
truth:  search   search

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  -   -
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of paths matching a glob pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  run clients on clients .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  draw program with pregnancy variables .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   a

test:  test installing a package which can be listed .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  expect   a

test:  strips notes separated attributes from a notes one .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  normalized   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test issue views which get private auth service .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return an status with status code .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  return   null
truth:  view   view

test:  get paths by target .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   geometry

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  pulls addition and increments dates in the last dates .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  apply   apply

test:  download an archive from a stream .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  stay version of how to allow overriding to apply the console data .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  write   x
truth:  expected   improvement

test:  write fiducials for a set of negative frame .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   fiducials

test:  y-axis time a script with api .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  time   lines
truth:  send   send

test:  test ['g dir .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   test
truth:  printing   printing

test:  extract the launchpad teams properties from the given openid message .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  add l2loss to tensorflow variables .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   distance

test:  remove all the available build .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  null   fake
truth:  null   docs

test:  respond to a password .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  create a tables .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  test   lists
truth:  list   tables

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  return the progress checksum for the minion .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  null   tool

test:  publish message into a topic .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  publish   null
truth:  build   build

test:  builds the folderobject object spec .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  prints the file system on partition <minor> has any errors .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  removes   null

test:  get information about policies cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  return   a

test:  only return if python-etcd is installed .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  uploads the given image image upload the instance to an image object .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  order   null
truth:  fakes   null

test:  calculates the standard error function using the entire state of n .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  calculates   return
truth:  null   factorization

test:  extended measurement type b section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  extended   measurement
truth:  extended   measurement

test:  given a sum of optimal numbers for all indicated functions this function takes value by any of the sum usage for the sum .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  test multiple validator .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  apply   key_dependency
truth:  test   test

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  create a function or its numbers .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  create   compute
truth:  get   get

test:  parses full tree list into a subdirectory .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  start the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  start   start
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse a string into a list of strings .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  read   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  uses   print
truth:  union   union

test:  checks if a user is physically .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  get   video

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convenience method for getting an command-line link to the feed which will match the feed line .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  filter the data .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  filters   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  walk a directory and remove all the body along python cookbook .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  walk   remove
truth:  yield   null

test:  computes autocovariance function acf_y(h) by correlation process parameters coefs : ndarray .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong classifier object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the python tuple as a string .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert rgb array to slack .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   colour

test:  given a key name .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  identify   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  user edit .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a javascript string to three given js root root .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  write   null

test:  create an authorized authentication object .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   release
truth:  create   a

test:  cast paths to option instances .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  to   a
truth:  is   null

test:  reload the csf from a program .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  restart   csf

test:  determine if user is email and contains email addresses .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  if   sets
truth:  function   function

test:  generate the mean for flocker-control measure of input linting .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  regression print a task .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  null   format
truth:  null   expression

test:  extract the translatable from a set of messages as a numeric translatable chunk .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  open a socket random port on the current port and return .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  redirects to /{{=request .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  decorate   user
truth:  logout   handler

test:  load length from the filename specified by filename .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  read   length

test:  list all available python modules .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the vdi to a vdi instance .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  return   a
truth:  clones   a

test:  powerlaw sample sequence .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  creates a pack record and returns a db string representation for this cipher .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  iterate over values according to the given dict .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  function   function

test:  build the state of a user uri .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  build   a
truth:  composes   null

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  saving   test

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  null   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  create an transport machine on both transport and connect to a given host .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  create   ssh
truth:  connect   a

test:  inverse of a list - making sure that all values from a given list .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  show the connected execelse .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  show   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to check version of version >= escalation .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   version

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a queryset of the predefined statements that match the predefined for this regex .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  filter   comments

test:  remove colorful link from color l .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  n344 - use isinstance() instead of args .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieve templates according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   set
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  manages the communication between this block .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  manages   null
truth:  fills   null

test:  get the data from saved related to the given filename .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  get   data
truth:  render   a

test:  returns a :class:session for context-management .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace double quotes .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  replace   punctuation
truth:  remove   remove

test:  use this to fix old 74 .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  to   null
truth:  check   check

test:  generate lists of command arguments for this command .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  escape the given text .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  null   escape
truth:  escape   markup

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  this is the future version of {% docker>=1 %} .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve templates according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   media
truth:  retrieve   user

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   find
truth:  to   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  shuffle a list of elements from the random output .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  shuffle   null

test:  get the value of an smtp setting .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  import a gzip-compressing file as a des specification for bond5 .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  module   up
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a datetime object with specified url .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  take   action

test:  indent indentation with a chunk of text and format .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  indent   a
truth:  return   a

test:  forgot email users .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  email   a
truth:  look   up

test:  parse "1" .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the free file system for a given directory .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  generate active server info for a server .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  text   directories
truth:  returns   returns

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  redirect   redirect
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  return a boolean if the value is unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  return   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  helper method to parse the machine-readable string .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  parse   current
truth:  null   class

test:  return a random by k such that x can be used to sample items .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   array
truth:  m   m

test:  gets the admin group that would like a given process .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  return the pressure for the current thread .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  the html of the last documents url tags .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  generate   notification
truth:  listing   listing

test:  get account details .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   gateway

test:  returns the last compressor of given line .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  look   null

test:  no activation function .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decide translation for source files .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  null   source
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a dictionary node for a token .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a string representing the number of {'date-parts' date as follows: if inbound is too datetime .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  returns   str
truth:  given   a

test:  convert an type to the right type 1 and convert it to the right type .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return omit segment of the current segment .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   parser

test:  return an required map: registry if required .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  return   prints
truth:  check   check

test:  returns an email .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deprecated method for testing .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   a
truth:  deprecated   method

test:  encrypt memory-hard for id .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  null   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  perform an axfr record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  main program from the config file .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  ensure a fake key with a fake key .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  given   null

test:  127 section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  edit   section
truth:  null   section

test:  check that the left and right sparseseries are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  export a gcode text from a text file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  text   a
truth:  write   null

test:  test with an image can accept js text data .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  with both issues should never allow attribute .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  decorator for registering django normally check from the decorated class:: decorator .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  cleanup the current process instance .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  cleanup   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  enable or disable the output of a ']} ascii bytes .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  null   standard

test:  gets html id from online call .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return true if all the hypothetical ref with the specified ref .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  converts the token into an absolute section string .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  token   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return directory path from a specified offset .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  settings() should temporarily override context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds list of args to a invoke invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  generate   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return an http server with an optional server name .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add opening and normalize json .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   counters

test:  removes the specified new-style content references from the list of milestones for the specified milestones .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of the names of the resources in the specified organization .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  executes an api stub method call .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  drill a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  dimension   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  test to ensure that we can extend enabled .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  to   qtwebkit
truth:  null   null

test:  return full platform for this application .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   stop
truth:  return   return

test:  return package version as listed in init in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  prints the stack trace into the application .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  dump   a

test:  finds and returns the data of a package in which a given package is given .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  finds   up
truth:  look   null

test:  stop a container name container name or id root to be running cli example: .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  stop   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  null   parameter_declaration
truth:  null   parameter_declaration

test:  insert knots into a new yaml matrix .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  rank   rank

test:  checks an http response code .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  checks   response
truth:  error   error

test:  generate a random string with alpha and length of string length .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  add a user .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a given string into a a1 row given in a1 notation .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read an index file .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   a

test:  returns the current employee date in the employee for the specified employee .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a sysadmins string for the given layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  backup all the enclosed in the path portion of a single backup pattern .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  null   database
truth:  clear   null

test:  download whitespace from url .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  download   return
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get an environment variable .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  generate chunk docs scaled from iterable docs iterable .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  format   control
truth:  return   elements

test:  return an hash of a revision revision .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a resource for the specified project and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read the adjacency graph from jit yielding to the jit data .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  read   json
truth:  return   data

test:  decorator to catch database on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  redirects to the specified year .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  renders   redirects
truth:  renders   null

test:  add users group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   acl

test:  decrypt data with the cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  sets the logging verbosity used by the response .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  sets   enable
truth:  tell   null

test:  reverse a saltinvocationerror object in exact messages .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   python

test:  returns a question and time from our timestamp .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   instance

test:  get a lexer class by child information .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  creates a cumulative image with a given filepath .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  null   directories
truth:  blend   blend

test:  argument that takes a function and returns the argument .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper around json .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  rolls back a transaction .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  function   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  internal helper that filters a new process .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  check to see if the given directory is deprecated .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns an ssl certificate for the given url .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  returns   cert
truth:  builds   a

test:  rename all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a datetime given a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   datetime

test:  converts a mime-type .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns a string representation of a %} id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  setup the russ platform .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  check if an maximum from an maximum server is in the maximum maximum state .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  thread for three goto if its 1 .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  null   process
truth:  set   set

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  signup reverse and _do_request .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  reverse   session
truth:  null   null

test:  frees a database from its name database .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  frees   data
truth:  return   a

test:  add the begin and end tag and end of the text to an text tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   xml
truth:  add   add

test:  returns all translation devices in two dumps .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  toggle   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator for caching methods so original function is stop .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save the jid and return its string if it is specified .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  save   a
truth:  null   null

test:  merge key values which will represent a dict .
truth: from url . 
test:  combine   part
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  get the plural section .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parses counters of an enabled maps format .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  load the environment variable and return it .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  add   path

test:  list tags .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   tags
truth:  list   tags

test:  get the key msg .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  compute the format number of rpmbuild to spherical pseudoprime coordinates .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  compute   issue
truth:  check   correctness

test:  takes a namedtuple of used in namedtuple and converts it into a dict .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns people following user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   people
truth:  returns   people

test:  generate the number of codon .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  setup   return
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides smartos only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   work
truth:  provides   null

test:  return the items of an iterable paired with its next item .
truth: s -> . 
test:  return   s
truth:  s   s

test:  gets a timezone .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if a syllable syllable is a short word .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  null   word

test:  test source times computation in source times .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   stc
truth:  test   mne

test:  used to generate a percent of objects .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  to   a
truth:  called   null

test:  compute the positions of distance between two distance norm and angle .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  compute   label
truth:  null   norm

test:  decorator for a function method .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  turns   a

test:  marks volume types as deleted .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   volume

test:  check if path is finalized .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for tests that require a constant type .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  null   gl
truth:  null   class

test:  average flowgrams in ssli .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   build

test:  get one of an http response code .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  get   a
truth:  look   up

test:  adds a max pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  run either an dask command and return the result .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  known   start
truth:  run   cmd

test:  extract the detected contents and access for a tuple .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  get   null
truth:  open   a

test:  return an iterator over a collection of timestamp lists .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing build field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a sm volume from the given id .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the time object .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  check   check

test:  encodes default bytes to bytes .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  pack   pack

test:  make text format name from its string .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  source   null
truth:  fix   method

test:  extract the disk users disk .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator which caches django attribute calls .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  unwraps   a

test:  generate the mime content of the content .
truth: convert response . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   response

test:  generate a set of active ratio ratio for given var(p) coordinates .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  perform   null

test:  return dictionary of graphviz in g from github layout using github [[question from graphviz .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  return   name
truth:  create   node

test:  make sure the release has a release release 2 .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  make   reduction
truth:  null   a

test:  full test of mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the pci path .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a value of a value from a specific value .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  get   doctype
truth:  overlap   overlap

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  safely return networks for specified host .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  get   return
truth:  if   null

test:  generative network to parameterize generative model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  is   network
truth:  null   network

test:  generate html view .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   matrix
truth:  set   set

test:  get event manager from media player object .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  get   event
truth:  return   return

test:  runs one of the pip command .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  install   a

test:  decorator for functions that returns a decorator to be called with the decorator applied to output_path .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  null   paths
truth:  get   get

test:  main entry point for the script .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the rights for the given collection .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  connect to the given module and return a config list .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  imports   reload
truth:  null   version

test:  decorator to handle a function .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  to   run
truth:  call   call

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   simple_unlimited_args

test:  print an xml tag as a string .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  print   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  return an attachment form .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  create   attachments

test:  simple function to return an comparison matrix by the passed name .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  taken   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the cosine distance between two points .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get the bottom with a pair of right and returns the minimum points .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  training   rows
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  override a config dict .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   a

test:  get text every second colors in [opener colors .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  text   block
truth:  add   syntax

test:  implementation of stepschedule .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  null   array
truth:  null   null

test:  update the specified data directory for each configuration .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  update   a
truth:  set   vispy

test:  converts a string to 100 .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum_specifier : specifier_qualifier_list specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   storage_class_specifier

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return launchd information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   launchd

test:  expression or asynchronous server .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  perform   return
truth:  ban   add

test:  validate and return the requested cpu policy policy .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the timezone name for a timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for virt only .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   preference

test:  get a users user by name .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   user

test:  tests having having tokens and filter based on each phred quality scores .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  null   mapping
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove any invalid characters from the string s using mapreduce encoding .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  return constant in a positive array .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a view that is requested with get response .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  check if object is a class .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  is   null

test:  save the icinga2 certificates using the specified master domain cli example: .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  set   a
truth:  save   null

test:  get a list of pairs .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  indicates which log files reachable into a user .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  passed   null
truth:  to   try

test:  json encoding wrapper that handles datetime objects .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  updates a collection .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  updates   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  hyperbolic activation function .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deep copy the given element in a list .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  fix fix implementation outside a cron document .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  fix   attempts
truth:  documents   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if indentation is a line of the rest of indentation .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  return   line
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute all alarm events in the traffic server .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  bounce   traffic

test:  generic alignment record value .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  null   debug
truth:  null   generic

test:  get the [[v timeuuid for an iterable of values .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to unpack the remote host .
truth: object factory . 
test:  function   read
truth:  object   factory

test:  read data from the cover file created .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a user delete user via rabbitmqctl example:: salt myminion delete to its virgin cli example: .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a generator that yields all the games info associated with the given criteria .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get svg function .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to strip format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  list available ebs labels .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list with the supplied context .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  cycle   cycle

test:  return users .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   users

test:  add faces to an element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  converts a string to unicode string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  import modules under package defined in a given package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  import   import
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the given glob is enabled .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  remove a certificate from the given store name the minimum to remove from the given store store the store to the store to the certificate to the store .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  tests for development mode .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  logging   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for each results in an options file and set it .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  computes the dot product between two n-d filter values .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert the given js string to a js escape sequences .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  runs the repository on .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  given   a
truth:  prints   app

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of length - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resize   resize
truth:  resizes   null

test:  returns one view .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of domains from csr certificate request .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   certificate
truth:  get   a

test:  wait for the status from each stream to reach a status from .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  parse the first yaml stream and produce the corresponding meta dict .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  escape the given object to a rules of markdown .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  obj   markdown
truth:  escapes   null

test:  takes an image shape and returns the image .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  when an undefined step definition calls another step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the ipv4 address are valid .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deep copy an element or more than deep copy .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warnings .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  warning   warning

test:  test if object is a number .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  process n *fd* for a single versions of various resources .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  process   a
truth:  convert   keys

test:  get the bottom of a path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return arma .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  computes   scan
truth:  get   get

test:  return relative path of a file .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of all installed apps for all installed apps .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  get   database
truth:  gets   a

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  mock   mock

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  find the full plugin filename for a given plugin in the provided plugin in the directory .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  locate   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a list of articles to a dict .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  given   a

test:  reads an existing service from a google storage device and return a list of files .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  create   configuration
truth:  write   discovery

test:  return a refif refif reference .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  return   up
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  issue no! face specified by cls and ids .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  null   documents
truth:  documents   documents

test:  get a release id for a musicbrainz album .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check for imports in core .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  run a new domains .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  run   update
truth:  ask   user

test:  get the path .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  disable all disabled handlers on the loggers .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  disable   drop
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a new user .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   n

test:  create a volumeservice wrapping a volume path for use in tests .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  tests sample labels into fasta labels and exact fasta labels .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  function   program
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  test loading python program from a file .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  read   yaml

test:  returns a compiled template object for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of hypersearch values for specified table .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  returns   indexes
truth:  index   index

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  checks whether or not an expression is in truncated ask .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  reset out the current thread .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  reset   database
truth:  null   null

test:  fixture to load an empty qwebhistory .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  makes   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  reconstruct laplace generator repeatedly list of labels .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  labels   labels
truth:  null   aggregation

test:  decorator for concrete profiler .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  null   return
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  return true if there are any file in the system cli example: .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   check

test:  returns a wsgi environment .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  handles   a

test:  return the default python object .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over features in an undohandle format .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  validate   network
truth:  breaks   up

test:  set the musicbrainz rules .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  decode bytes to unicode on python 2 .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  bytes   python
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a configured oslo_messaging api name .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  command   null
truth:  access   access

test:  generate a random integer value that matches the distance clause .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  format intersection of two lists into one value of time strings .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  prepare   sets
truth:  return   return

test:  test traceback offset in %run .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   traceback
truth:  test   traceback

test:  remove outliers from ruby .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  to   attempt

test:  invert an series of terms .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  creates   state
truth:  change   change

test:  only for macos with darwin darwin .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  butterworth : minpoly parameters .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collect translations from a list of files .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  collect   attempt
truth:  return   a

test:  delete version *x* .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  given   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  login freeze of the distribution .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  pick   show
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that we can override all syntax decoded on input .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  decoding   fix

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  launch the potential potential branch dialog .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   launch
truth:  launch   launch

test:  process a process args: obj_name the location of the main program name of the connection to process .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  execute   function
truth:  send   send

test:  remove a search storage file .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the path relative to $bindir .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  join   join

test:  get an alarm alarm cli example: .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   alarm

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  checks for desired dependencies that are supported for a github version .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  create   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  sets up a redis port and remove the redis port .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  sets   database
truth:  test   test

test:  compute value in a string .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  compute   float
truth:  align   a

test:  assign a string to pareto parameters individuals : datetime object to be passed in any important listed in pareto attributes .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  use   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  tests if there are no fields .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a branches comparator .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  protocol url .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  url   null
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new permission group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  check   cookie
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if a bound value is a unbound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   null

test:  list the policies available .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   policies
truth:  list   list

test:  check whether all plugins plugins in the twisted property is available .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  check   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add all allocations in a tunnel range .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  add   null
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  user information about a user offset .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  yaml: runscope adds support for a build to generate fingerprints steps .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  default   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set the current files below the given filepath .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  makes   show
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the tile mean .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the token from a dict .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last access time of a file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an application instance for use by requests .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   factor
truth:  stats   stats

test:  encode encoding as the default unicode string .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  lookup   up

test:  context manager for temporary disabling globally installed patch .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  computes a progressively casting .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract data from the compiled option .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  extract   callback
truth:  convert   a

test:  get complex point by path .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   mirror

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flush the effects of something which are deprecated by the installed_apps used for full systems .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  null   vim
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  on this process .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  search   option
truth:  look   null

test:  decorator to paypal magic types .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  to   calls
truth:  forces   null

test:  utility function to return the prime vectors for a list of gamma vectors .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the string of binary characters .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  string   null
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown a running system .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  converts a value to a numpy array .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the data for the given dtype or buffer type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate generate text for describing lines .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  generate   iterator
truth:  null   generator

test:  do a poor range of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   a

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  decorates a function and issues a deprecated warning warning on use .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  build a process .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  run   run

test:  execute html executable against the specified machine and return a list of tidy events .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   html

test:  the cache entry point for packages that runs the connections of the inspired module .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  if   null

test:  compute greatest common divisor of a and b .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently calculate acquire normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initializes the argparse options that will be used to generate arguments .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  check if permissions have json successfully .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  if   new
truth:  export   export

test:  team controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  get   process
truth:  command   command

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  count the number of rows .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  retrieve all enabled user groups .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  yield   returner

test:  decompress native text from a file-like object .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  function   function
truth:  read   read

test:  return a new dictionary of type body from the original list of input body body .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  extract   null

test:  translate a show_fiff .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  plugin   null
truth:  error   error

test:  returns tensorflow loss for given model .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that freeze is shown .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   pip

test:  get a process into a data_dir process .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  get   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get list of allocated to the provided hosts .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  update the local ca bundle file from a url .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  a: non workers and workers .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  performs   check
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the cliques of a list of cliques nodes .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that a ticket is done correctly .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  an instance of a given server .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  find the sample directories in the given filename .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   search
truth:  find   a

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  convenience function to get policy for the specified policy .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two search output formats .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   stack
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the fake view of a iterator .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  return   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  drill a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  dimension   a
truth:  coil   a

test:  convenience function to process a string .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  null   function
truth:  string   string

test:  inject all tokens from context or container .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   inject

test:  course course client api operation to changes made up purposes .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get a list of all hosts on a specific host .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  regular expression should provide in a eggs .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  easy_installed   force

test:  return a dict describing failed status document and failed people .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  create a control client on every persistence in the given city .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given string .
truth: produce status . 
test:  null   status
truth:  produce   status

test:  test that blank mri .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   plotting
truth:  test   subjectselector

test:  generate an absolute path in seconds represented by the absolute path .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  map   returns
truth:  return   scheme

test:  compute the yby log file using the mean log and block .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  apply   sequences
truth:  changes   changes

test:  make sure that base32 iteration correctly uses the storage options .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  null   a
truth:  logs   logs

test:  return 'letsencrypt' .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  ensure   sets
truth:  tell   null

test:  parse fs_spec tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   names
truth:  domain   names

test:  override dataset .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  train   value
truth:  quantize   a

test:  return the return the number of items in a file .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  return   function
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a set of services for the provided service .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sends a status request to each url in the selected url .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  sends   sample
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  take the input given by the user from create_payloads .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  receives   null

test:  test model on equal expressions .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  add polygon by polygon .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   snmp
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a list of service columns by service .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  function prints pocsuite banner banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier_list specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  mark a vm as an empty service .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  reboot   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a mock tool for the named tool .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  a handy helper function to display the full url as a global url .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  null   url
truth:  null   a

test:  patch should only set the default icon if the user is enabled .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  patch   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  restful crud form view .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   actions

test:  check whether we are currently frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  decide   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a datetime object into a string in utc .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  return the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a decorator which we can act on an interpreter .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  is   null

test:  compile the debian element with distribution until c{long} is spawned .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  fix a function .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  copies   function
truth:  null   replacement

test:  post an stopped notification implementation of docker state to begin with container parent server state : none .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  strips   strips

test:  generate directory where all the files created for event given directory and delete the files created with the given directories .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  document to return a document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  document   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  rotate image 90 degrees 90 degrees .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   image
truth:  rotate   image

test:  dump unicode data to be used as a yaml file .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  dumps   unicode
truth:  dump   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes a linear least squares fit for a linear distance .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  fits   a

test:  from the given list .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the extension is included in the provided oauth .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   sequence

test:  serve tweets from json reply file .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  host   null
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  convert an image to base64-encoded image .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  convert   decode
truth:  base64   base64

test:  clear series .
truth: search series . 
test:  find   function
truth:  search   series

test:  expands points to the ylast network device .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  iterate   form
truth:  starting   starting

test:  flush the cached configuration from the minion .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flush   dscl

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name return the python modules with the given str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  apdu information section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  renders the theme for a theme .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  renders   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that has a custom form .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  view   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call getattr .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator to add a fullscreen class to an existing class .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get all certificates for a given migration filters .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  set the query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  set   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  training   training
truth:  training   training

test:  returns true if the content type is a new wsgi environment .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  remove invalid characters from markdown .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  sanitize   a

test:  convert a 1085102592571150095 bit integer to an integer .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  count   count

test:  set the postgresql delay to automatically restart with the passed delay .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  this returns a full path to parse its children of xml nodes .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for adding a ancestors to the given page .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  return   power
truth:  generate   a

test:  get all the total size of a path .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  get   folder
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test test data filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  build up to initialize a toposort format to the specified configuration .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  build   null
truth:  targets   targets

test:  merge multiple blocks in the given list of blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  merge   equivalent
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  prints access information for a group .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  encode   current
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  return the score or a sol stream instance containing a python file having the beginning of an image at that is given .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   tuple
truth:  return   a

test:  generic python 2 .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the bytes number and return the result of a service .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  generate   dict

test:  require a remote site .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return a list of source in a particular source .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a symbolic file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  rename   a

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  compute source estimate to equivalent .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  source   include
truth:  generate   a

test:  deletes a directory and all sub-directories inside the greedy .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  ensure that the ironic app is supported .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  ensure   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  parse in the mailitemproperty from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  parse   in

test:  setup the dovado platform .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator that wraps a function into a response .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  show the current datastore cli example: .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  show   interface
truth:  grep   grep

test:  returns cgitb value from a dictionary with regex and an entities .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  skip the test if datasets is false .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  makes   import
truth:  raises   a

test:  create new containers into one .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns af_inet4 main format from a given address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  generates   map
truth:  extract   null

test:  asynchronously allocates a range of ids .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  deletes f .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  compare   contents

test:  handle uploads .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  null   call
truth:  print   print

test:  helper function to do a finalize operator .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  spearmans   spearmans

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed in the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  frombytes image .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   numeric

test:  simple moving average .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   exponential

test:  get the start value: .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check whether django-storages is valid .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  check whether the numpy log for use in the quoted fp .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  function   function

test:  delete an endpoint from a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  function   a
truth:  warn   null

test:  answer to answer a question .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  this test verifies that marathon with the same .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  null   test
truth:  marathon   marathon

test:  build a template object from a tuple of exact scaling types .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  build   null
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  true if d is a member .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  null   check
truth:  string   string

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   null

test:  get the front intersection over x intersection over x intersection index lists and add the x intersection indexes .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if pairs of 20 reads the 52428800 chunk at 20 times .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   null

test:  validate whether the ip address is set by local interfaces .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  validates   error
truth:  if   null

test:  estimate an rank of size for a .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  rank   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse the output and convert it into a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check two different distortion comparisons for altaz product of different scatter .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   rest
truth:  null   null

test:  tests file extension in center .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   test
truth:  tests   plural

test:  extracts the regex from the response .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   handle
truth:  handle   handle

test:  sorts the versions of a list of dictionaries sorted alphabetically .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  sorts   versions
truth:  takes   a

test:  return true if the given server is equal to the same host .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the cms block block details of the page .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a virtualenv uploads .
truth: release the package . 
test:  make   null
truth:  release   release

test:  converts a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  like ssl_options but for all valid files in the environment if there are any plugin set .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  like   compute
truth:  build   build

test:  run a command .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  run   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  makes a cycle after labels .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  element-wise declared from a contingency bij translate them to the point data point .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get zipimporter .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  open an bracket package with the given name .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  open   load
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the time naive as a tzinfo instance .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  time   advance
truth:  modified   get

test:  validates that labels can return true if any floating-point 1 are a valid object .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  validates   label
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a regular file .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a prefix for a service name .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  return   force
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  tests that non logic logic are required to be updated with the expected value logic for non tests .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  adds sitelinks to django keyword arguments .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  to   get
truth:  copy   a

test:  check if a connection is servers .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  null   validator

test:  for a given number of seconds .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  test   test

test:  convenience function for printing to be installed .
truth: prints a . 
test:  function   output
truth:  prints   a

test:  send a process and all of its children .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  converts an image instance to locmemcache packet .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  formats a representation of a polynomial table and join it as a string .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  update the flocker build distribution for a given distribution .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  update   target_bucket
truth:  null   null

test:  return an :class: .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  return   a
truth:  choose   analysis

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if a path exists and return its name .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  collect all of the hook files in a list of sympy directories .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  collect   hook
truth:  freeze   null

test:  read the named dns pid file and return the pid for the current process .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  read   get
truth:  return   return

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   a
truth:  analyse   a

test:  check whether a file is kb in the entire cache file .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  create a new database to get a certain galaxy method .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  create   null
truth:  decorate   decorate

test:  load an auth file in login / ax_end .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  function   load
truth:  load   credentials

test:  context manager to convert systemd field from systemd .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  simple smoketest for test .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which activates a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  converts url to a user that just isnt a matching url because it contains unsafe characters like and so they get rules called from a url because they get is
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  returns   replace
truth:  null   null

test:  create directory that creates the sqlmap to create folder .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  create   directory
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  get a step ids from job .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  parsed   in
truth:  given   a

test:  find the xblock responsible for a given xblocks date .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  decorator for registering a timedelta .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  calls   calls

test:  shows a ['part'] to another pyos_inputhook file .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  shows   shows
truth:  null   part

test:  return a single test cases where tests have a sample seed .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  find   expand
truth:  choose   a

test:  returns the user manager object returned by the secrets manager instance getsigner and signature from the secrets database object .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simple case .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   type

test:  check if the given object is a results of keywords .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  if   a
truth:  compare   lyrics

test:  wrapper around cachedir .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  execute   wrapper
truth:  query   query

test:  snaps a url for the given road .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a response into a content string .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  function   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  test rl_forward_word .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fetches the path and build a given necessary .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  find   find

test:  list all files in order to notify the output .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  list   notification
truth:  print   print

test:  update update update get translated .
truth: clear document . 
test:  null   scharr
truth:  document   document

test:  load the sample images in the same directory .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   load
truth:  sample   sample

test:  this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message formats it to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  function   send
truth:  function   function

test:  output output with a binary tensor and return the output tensor .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  output   binary
truth:  compute   compute

test:  provides a list of deprecated checks .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  provides   boolean
truth:  warn   null

test:  returns a cookie from url .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the similarity of a numpy array .
truth: compute np . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   np

test:  format the formatted number of a phone number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  a relative image for temporary images .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pause media player .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  pause   pause
truth:  pause   pause

test:  asynchronously decorator for retrying .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  null   get
truth:  =   =

test:  compute a polynomial of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse manifest data into a string containing xml data .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   data

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  prune from loader and create an event key .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  pick   add
truth:  add   add

test:  copies a file from a remote machine to a remote machine .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create a figure with the specified image .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  create   a
truth:  draw   a

test:  return the key that is configured to the current request .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  set some response headers across all http responses .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  add a new service group if no service vsg is enabled cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  bind   a

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to activate no env .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  interpret   manager
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  run func as a pipeline with wsgi application .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  func   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get all group types by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  get the topic specified by config_uri .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  build the specified arguments .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  build   return
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  when a bad implementation of column-based .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   decorator

test:  returns either the gw and ip address or subnet optionally an human cidr .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  if   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of changed files in the repository .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve variants .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  list   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  return a value for a variable from the make a set of non-zero values .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  skip a test if it isnt a backend .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  like site .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  remove   find
truth:  return   return

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects examining{}draftsforimproperkey' response metadata .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   prereg
truth:  finds   null

test:  takes several tuples in sequence and returns them .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  get   get

test:  check if control file is listed in the control .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return an major path .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  wait until a cache parameter wait are cache .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  extension of a path .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  return   name
truth:  name   name

test:  drops a categorical word from the categorical action .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  drops   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the information returned when a specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test rendering mri report .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  get bottom rectangle .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  aux function an addition form with bosonic or fermionic expression .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  function   function
truth:  write   null

test:  see url .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  =   image
truth:  format   format

test:  modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to enforce an event on failure .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  run some logical stdoutwhile loop in the subprocess and return its stdoutwhile seconds .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  run   output
truth:  executes   cmd

test:  returns a class name from a string .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  returns   load
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the qpixmap data from the atomic if there is a relative python source code .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  return   read
truth:  read   read

test:  transitions transitions .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  switch   null
truth:  searches   bing

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  raise configurationerror with given error in place .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  raise   error
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send the given message to qutebrowser .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  send   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  converts an index to a scalar operator .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return xmodule that are supplied by the xmodule package .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  use   use
truth:  null   entry_points

test:  return a fake request object matching the image .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  set cache dict for models in the db .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  set   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  elementwise arcsin function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   list
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   brocade

test:  build the default arg scope for inception information scope .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  build   return
truth:  yields   null

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  serve   a

test:  testing the curve auth with curve auth .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  setup   a

test:  maps an array of elements to a flat array .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  broadcast   null
truth:  unpacks   a

test:  transforms string into a recorded string .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns 'popularity' value for the given object to use in elasticsearch .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  trending   returns
truth:  returns   popularity

test:  return a data tuple for an attribute .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  return   return
truth:  format   format

test:  get the provisioning function in two function .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  get   a
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  launch file for the process .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  start   a

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and season folders to its original form for both single and season .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return out kwargs required to bson .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  converts   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  like whatever .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  escape   method
truth:  null   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns module version without importing a class .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  returns   module
truth:  module   module

test:  set users for all users .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  selected   set
truth:  set   users

test:  ensure that a directory exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  create   a

test:  defined features dir from feature .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  testing   max
truth:  finds   null

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  from stackoverflow on 2013-10-04: url /questions/2532053/validate-a-hostname-string#answer-2532344 .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a sample sample key and return a random prime dict .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  create   serializers
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  returns the model class for the given object .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve flavorid deleted id .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   instance
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  return the authorized auth property value .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  push the state of a loop .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  get   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   nic
truth:  get   nic

test:  wrap text with paragraph of input chars .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  text   check
truth:  using   null

test:  return a function that maps matcher factories to new matcher factories .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  return   temporary
truth:  return   a

test:  get a list of images .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  partitions a test suite into a single test suite .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  nested   a
truth:  partitions   a

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  startup there is a capable encoding to local standard output .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the dot product of the respective the respective components of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  makes unique titles .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  makes   titles
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if the specified instance is google .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  if   utility
truth:  if   null

test:  add permissions to y paths .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the row with elements of a matrix .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that a pecl package is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  download a single contents of a file .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  download   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns the file in the static file .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  null   in
truth:  content   content

test:  write request response with the specified subset of the request .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  clean up a docstring into lines of parseable rest of indentation .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  encodes text into the given filename and write text to utf-8 .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  text   call
truth:  text   text

test:  find unicode .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  retrieve   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve response information and return the http server url and the given url .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  use   a
truth:  fetched   returns

test:  validate the given integer type .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  throws   null

test:  return a short .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  return   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the addresses of interface .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   split
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the database has been imported .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  simply print unformatted text .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  generate configuration file to setting current user .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  generate   attempt
truth:  update   a

test:  returns a list of review messages .
truth: error view . 
test:  list   view
truth:  view   view

test:  determine the word for the word using the specified word .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a decimal .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a id"{ name cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  wait for a given dependencies .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  if   null

test:  compute grayscale filter on gaussian gaussian filter .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   image
truth:  compute   structure

test:  tests that the suggestion field call for a given unit .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  log messages from a log .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  generates   run
truth:  set   set

test:  run mapper job for specified networks .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  run   parameters
truth:  map   map

test:  loop over stdin information .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  loop   shows
truth:  extract   info

test:  regression test for 2x2 populates the full time between mnist and this typo wrapper depend targets for 2x2 .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  check   test
truth:  url   url

test:  saves the given filename to the temporary file .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  returns a request id .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the disk usage of a given path .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  return   disk

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  determine signed request -- determine the most appropriate error .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  return stream name or raise divide if theres not defined in each stream .
truth: print with color . 
test:  load   request
truth:  print   print

test:  return a friendly http greeting .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  decorator to mock test if mockreturn is installed .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  if   checks

test:  as a convenience function .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  null   ssh
truth:  removes   null

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that we find numbers in a number .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  tests   get
truth:  test   test

test:  publish a bunch of html through the data passed in a bunch .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  prepare   null

test:  generator function that returns a single machine .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  function   sign
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   decimal
truth:  convert   decimal

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  create   request
truth:  take   parameters

test:  loss updates scale learning rates by dividing with the moving average of the root mean squared gradients .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  runs all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  iterate   run
truth:  run   run

test:  given a headerelement .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  formats commands as a string .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  sets the scroll widget numbers .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  sets   add
truth:  link   a

test:  find the sobel magnitude using the sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  compares   function
truth:  find   find

test:  restore the returner .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  return   return

test:  dont display data .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  query   iterator
truth:  display   ret

test:  this view is intended and accesses an error code .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  reverse   list
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the release system is not running the release release .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  sleep for pids that also be loaded when the pattern was changed in 0 .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  existing   custom
truth:  terminate   null

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix returns the elementwise product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  compute the groupnobs decomposition of l2 simultaneous .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the nthhost number .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the posix build directory using posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  create   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  on delete of the file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  helper method to generate urls with backslashes+spaces .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  test deep inverse of icrs when inverse of inverse values .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   check
truth:  setting   setting

test:  returns the current object corresponding to the python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the list of clauses .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  return   information
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy data from data .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  array   a
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  allocate nrt_decref in the given array with the given thread-local .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  call   call

test:  return a tool_shed_repository object from the specified tool shed url .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return user .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  return   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the list of lines from training versions .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extracts   version

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   autoescape
truth:  force   autoescape

test:  returns checkpoint .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  creates   directory

test:  decorator to require django requests on facebook_id .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  to   run
truth:  given   a

test:  builds a sequence of elements from the heap .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  find the formated output from a file specified by the elb .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  print   return
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves a inputsmustbehavealeast .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  flattens   null

test:  send an example to a given channel or nick .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   a

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  test wcs of different functions .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  validate a schema against a resource template .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   returns
truth:  validate   a

test:  this is needed to convert a entropy to s3 key for multi-line messages into s3 s3 window with s3 built by s3 api .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the cumulative correlation coefficient .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  determine whether text represents the re .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  determine   setup
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a calendar .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  produces   a

test:  generates a tuple that is authorized to the correct artifact .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  generates   validate
truth:  returns   a

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   api

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  compute   matrix
truth:  rank   rank

test:  check if a string is an int .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  if   return
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse time with the month date format .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  time   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  indent a iterable with its characters expanded if its characters expanded to match the beginning of the fields is also case-insensitive the string .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  given   indent

test:  flow a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  lash   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences from one query returns * possibilities are same results from seq_possibilities .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  the community page .
truth: home page . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   page

test:  test validationshufflesplit .
truth: user can login . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   user

test:  make a yaml yaml .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  verbose   verbose

test:  get the float status .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  (of and then write text to file .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  null   8bit
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create an ssh uid for a specific uid .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   try

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  send an event .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  decodes   convert
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  same as find_pure_symbol on list of companies from list declaring sle fields .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  default   check
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return a decorator that either used to create numpy .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  return   function
truth:  cache   cache

test:  updates a cloudwatch connection .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  updates   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the available eggtray weather .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  generate an skeleton skeleton identified by various processing algorithm .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to open as .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  should not set a virtual interpreter .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  if   i
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  returns a der object .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  '%s%s an array children into a set of utm_* nodes .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  create   uses
truth:  null   helper

test:  get codec encoding .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  open   returns
truth:  file   file

test:  return value forced within high state .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  remove a user .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  if   check
truth:  remove   user

test:  enable magnitude with name stream_name .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   coordinates
truth:  enhanced   enable

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   check

test:  updates a security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  represent the open summary where the open window .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extract the given cnt keys from a list of fields .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  get path environment variable denoted by environment variables for user storage .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a list of log matrices used by the given number of bits .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  complete   console
truth:  get   get

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  test the built-in servererror exception works .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  skips   test
truth:  test   test

test:  performs a module from a list of dictionaries .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  wait   module
truth:  unload   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  build arguments using current dir .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  build   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  send an event using the given sequence .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  send   a

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  setup an ssl certificate .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  find   loop
truth:  set   up

test:  returns a single space contains a dictionary of text .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  return the list of all matches in the string by the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   try

test:  get tags for an object .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  get   demonstration
truth:  flags   flags

test:  run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   one

test:  see url .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate dns labels used as an ascii string .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  stop all instances for the given version of a module .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  null   loop
truth:  null   gradient

test:  runs last update user .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  to   null

test:  draw edgecolors[color .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  color   channels

test:  try to if all python files in the given directory .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  given   import
truth:  import   import

test:  return a ip address of datastore for the ensures .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if a router is owner .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  if   test
truth:  based   null

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string representation .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   null
truth:  collate   a

test:  return a list of key pairs plus the given key string .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a string from a metric metric .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   segments

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  run notification on a bouncer event .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  run   key
truth:  return   a

test:  load a path .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  load   remove
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a diffopcodegenerator class used for rendering diffs .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate and return latest request names .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the case .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  null   registration
truth:  checks   checks

test:  chop a sequence to one if the top of the sequence .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  null   space
truth:  chops   chops

test:  destroy volume type .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  check gcrs<->altaz transforms for round-tripping .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   distance
truth:  check   check

test:  send update table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  update   send
truth:  insert   insert

test:  loads and executes a function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the adapted number of permutations of n items .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  escape a string with variables that are regex that may be used internally when using a quoted identifier .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  string   escape
truth:  null   replacement

test:  like multiauth but returns none .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  like   null
truth:  makes   everything

test:  create a line in a line and write it to another line .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  create   output
truth:  plot   plot

test:  retrieve all the user input .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  given   null

test:  execute stats for being established .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  execute   pool
truth:  request   worker

test:  check arguments to create sensitive to work with specified arguments .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  create   create

test:  resize the specified image .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  given   a
truth:  save   null

test:  create a client for the hdfs function .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  skeleton skeleton installed static files .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  template   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  returns the type of a type .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove network network_id id of network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  remove   network
truth:  remove   a

test:  an html header in a response .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a native path to the following binary file .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  return   output
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the type name for type specified in type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the id from the datastore .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  convert   a

test:  train up a dataset which generates scaling when the dataset is empty .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  create   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the number of edges according to the given partition of a nodes .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets all virtual interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return file_changes information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   process_envs
truth:  return   crontab

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the '123 should write profiling values .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  null   object
truth:  following   following

test:  merge source dictionaries .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  merge   generator
truth:  null   null

test:  adds requests to a task .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  update   update

test:  context manager for setting the default return information .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  handles   return
truth:  is   null

test:  check permission .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  give   null
truth:  raise   popupexception

test:  estimate the rights .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  null   version
truth:  make   null

test:  migrates a domain to a virtual machine on the minion .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  migrates   return
truth:  reset   a

test:  it should support download from pypi from pypi .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  loop through all file in the given file in a given sequence of files .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  compiles   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a valid dn string with special characters .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   versions

test:  opens a file and returns the maximum contents .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  return   nginx

test:  add keys to the specified key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the differences of the current date .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate batches of inputs into imagenet threads .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   batches
truth:  generate   batches

test:  compute best corpus from given beta .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  compute   sequences
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a dataset .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  change the name of the qapplication instance .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  bash from successful cmd in a shell .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   a

test:  return the numeric mixing matrix .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  return   differences
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the certificate name of the certificate file to remove the certificate file .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  converts a string argument to a subclass of got%r' .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  forcefully start and its rabbitmq host cli example: .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  null   permissions
truth:  start   start

test:  check if path == sets sets sets sets .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  if   check
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find a valid image name .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   docker
truth:  find   a

test:  removes all roles from a user from a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  checks if a request are allowed to the account .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  dispatch   request
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ][len a tag .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  given   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure that the keystone tenant is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate plot with width .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  plot   plotting
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if atom is a string .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  to   assume
truth:  to   check

test:  wrap some paragraph borrowed to a random string .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   long

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return full path to the full path in the assigned coordinate file .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  generate weekly for weekly .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  generate   weekly
truth:  update   update

test:  parametric dispatcher for normal part of the denominator - normal part of the denominator - normal distribution .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  null   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make msg not cause new line when output .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  msg   msg

test:  create unix paths from sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  create   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  helper function for _get_systemd_os_release_var() and an abc .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  takes   url
truth:  return   a

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   fetch
truth:  perform   one

test:  parse a range range from a page parameters .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if we are running in an invalid version of a version .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  reject   reject

test:  return the specified package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  loads a ctypes .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  loads   get
truth:  takes   a

test:  tests that the suggestion is changed correctly .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  add   test
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear a function from a single image .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  null   null

test:  save a model and a new model .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   a

test:  returns information about the requested domain returns a dictionary of information about the requested dns domain_name string sld to sld information about cli example: .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  retrieves   dns

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  update api request in the given request .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   cluster

test:  return a valid module object to version .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  document add to preselected form .
truth: new document form . 
test:  add   get
truth:  document   document

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  to   decorator

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   parameters
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return a list of all of the files names .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  return   display
truth:  remove   jobs

test:  find common use in a duallinker array .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  find   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  test reading raw example surfaces .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  run the test suite .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  null   proxy
truth:  run   run

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   null
truth:  mix   null

test:  copy the matrix and delete the translate attributes .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  copy   scale
truth:  scale   scale

test:  looks to see if mdata-list is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  prints the 100 on this plugin .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  list   null
truth:  function   function

test:  wraps a shape for the extra shape .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  asarray   compute
truth:  solve   solve

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  get a submodules module specified by the given module name .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  add a list of hostnames hosts are present in es .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  add   register
truth:  builds   a

test:  return true if the current mode represents a given mode .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve information about the fact from fact cli example: .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  output   in
truth:  run   facter

test:  convert a number from numeric number into megabytes .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  check that database errors are limited to do a test .
truth: download a file . 
test:  check   check
truth:  download   a

test:  take a volume merge with a snapshot and take the value .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  take   a

test:  docstring to bracket evaluators .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap arguments to skip a function under numpy arguments so that they require more n arguments .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  wrap   function
truth:  wrap   up

test:  test cross product with lots of elements .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  cross   cross
truth:  cross   cross

test:  convert int or long int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  int   int
truth:  convert   long

test:  adds x and y to sparse .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test some d chunks .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  test   check
truth:  convert   convert

test:  unsqueezing operation: input to convert space to one-hot .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  scaling   null
truth:  squeezing   null

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  a inverse of involving computation .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate edges in a minimum spanning spanning weighted graph g .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   edges
truth:  generate   edges

test:  decorator that raises a filesystem if not part of warnings .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ignore   null

test:  if f is g algorithm and g .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  if   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  add vertex given stl text and vertex them .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   vertex
truth:  add   faces

test:  compute the tile to a tile tensor .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  call the given function with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  get   get

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  run   find
truth:  output   language

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  check the given width of a python int .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  produces   null

test:  back-end method to find all realm records for a person entity ids .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  null   display
truth:  get   get

test:  tasuki gap .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   baby

test:  determine a block device properties from the block mapping data .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  validate   filters
truth:  format   multiple

test:  check whether git source directory is given .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  resolve   trace
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a json file into a json graph parameters filename : file object .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  parse   params
truth:  behave   behave

test:  read a file and parse it to a read string; view .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  takes   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a list of the cyclic node of g .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format a warning the standard way and return a warning dict .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  warnings   warnings
truth:  to   function

test:  add pagination days from pagination .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  make   tickets
truth:  show   show

test:  kill the given namespace with the list of sockets .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   listening
truth:  kill   kill

test:  check if a module is currently built from django .
truth: in apps . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  null   apps

test:  create read-only resource in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  see :term:application .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  known   null
truth:  restore   restore

test:  create a new client from a program client emitted by the hadoop spec .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  yield successive n-sized l in a list .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  list   list

test:  factory function that wraps the child components in the given vertical vertical apart .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  function   return
truth:  lay   null

test:  deprecated: -> list of product instances into a list of product instances .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return unicode name .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  unicode   return
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return url of an lat function .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   bearing

test:  query the query .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  query   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  converts unicode to python 2 on python 2 and 3 .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encode   in

test:  for a given language from a request .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  adds   return
truth:  null   null

test:  check if ansible group is ansible .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  if   init
truth:  initialize   a

test:  convert a unicode or unicode instance into unicode .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function that operates as a *field list of fields from the provided list of keys .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for receiving a valid url if slashes is configure with slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generate state for a 'suspended' state change to other editors format .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  supported   libcloud

test:  return uid from api dictionary to be used for user config .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  return   up
truth:  make   null

test:  make nested element to nested lists .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  nested   null
truth:  null   element

test:  take an iterable of shape and return a floating point value .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  a decorator that makes sure theres a class to track .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns the shape of the beta on the given mean .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  multivariate   null
truth:  given   current

test:  return the path to the user that owns a given file this function will return the user under a certain file .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only skip a test if it is installed .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  update a receipt .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  reissues   null

test:  makes an attribute value .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  look   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  find a cache function .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  looks   null

test:  dump data to file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the beaglebone black arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for permission requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  null   in
truth:  to   controller

test:  this function is used to summarize a set of messages .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  null   elements
truth:  null   a

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  split the program program into a dict .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  split   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  test if a lhs lhs is allowed .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  null   dask
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dump the different wcs to work .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  list constrained on mac address cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  list   list
truth:  show   show

test:  dump message into debugging .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  dump   query
truth:  print   a

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  reads arguments for a user .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  send   send

test:  read an v string .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  read   a
truth:  to   function

test:  checks a configuration jwt jwt using the specified user .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the file at a file of trees to the given trees .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  write   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get and get nonetruncated group and removes it from a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   group

test:  generate json file and return its full data .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  generate   scan
truth:  generate   a

test:  mode: debug - "raw" - "agg" - "raw" - "agg" - "raw" - unicode data .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  predefined   string
truth:  string   string

test:  converts static string to its starting .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if path is windows .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  call a function with a single test .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  null   a
truth:  prevents   null

test:  returns true if the given string is valid utf-8 string .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  returns   translation
truth:  get   get

test:  because -> string return a copy of the string s with only its first character capitalized .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders a pages if the desired window has any desired bucket .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   dashboard

test:  close each time .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  close   request
truth:  consume   messages

test:  remove an instructions instructions from the encoding .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  normalized   returns
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  buffer   buffer
truth:  buffer   buffer

test:  map a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  run   a
truth:  start   a

test:  returns true if filename is a testfile .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper to read a sound gl * .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  null   import
truth:  draw   null

test:  returns an 400 resource factory and calls badapiresponse on the api call with the response body and a list of callback methods .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  helper method to get velement .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find the latest version string for a filename to support the version .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  search   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to grab sessionmaker .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   a

test:  restore printing the module .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  restore   configuration
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a ctypes prototype that returns a partial function .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  compute the magnitude codes and return a list of tuples with tuples of tuples .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  list   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  merge two inputs .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  preferred   returns
truth:  if   in

test:  a function for creating an object .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return source and its unique lines .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  source   replace
truth:  remove   ansi

test:  tests that the graph has no components of g .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return path to the generated fpathelse .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  return   find
truth:  file   file

test:  helper function for a bootstrap/jackknife requirements file and return a generator that is begin with the output of the requested requirements .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  function   dict
truth:  yield   requirement

test:  replaces union all select than operator with union of the server .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  union   union
truth:  encoded   appends

test:  prints the comments .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  calculates and returns the content name of the given application path to the installed_apps .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if a number is compatible on a subclass of two sr .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve all objects .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  retrieve   manager
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get all i limits for host .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  get   null
truth:  include   include

test:  return those items of strings .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  return   map
truth:  error   error

test:  return a list of the default choices according to the specified settings .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  find   variance
truth:  select   null

test:  converts value to a string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieves the users users .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  configured   null

test:  check if flavor should be unique .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   get

test:  start up the server .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  null   start
truth:  starts   null

test:  copies a matchscorer into a searchparams proto buf .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   copies
truth:  copies   fields

test:  add the default defaults to the one .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  null   key
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  merge two critical components into a single game .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  returns   enable
truth:  context   manager

test:  floor and spaces of a sequence .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  throw   return
truth:  null   values

test:  return true if the timezone is running .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  run infile only .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  run   null
truth:  stripping   null

test:  like obj .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  like   null
truth:  objects   objects

test:  return create exceptions .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  create   create
truth:  add   a

test:  skip a test if a test fails on a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  for a given python 2 .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  set the browser value of the given image .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  have   standard

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dummy view for remote user tests .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get an s3 image .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  get   create
truth:  find   find

test:  add two theano scalars together .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  test masquerading of temporary class from dataset .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  install   size
truth:  runs   runs

test:  test that no threads exist at the threads are created .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   commit
truth:  test   test

test:  dynamically load a dotted module and return the attribute/class object given a string representing a dotted path .
truth: source: django . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   django

test:  test method that setup mail .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a list of supported order names based on the path .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  sorts   null
truth:  format   items

test:  translate two arrays .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  wrap   a

test:  regression test for url .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return a stylesheet object .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  return   port
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute the symmetric matrix .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator for views that require user to be user .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  unlinks the node .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  unlinks   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a random result[c] sequence .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts simple int from a dict to a fake exception .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  clean   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  query a term .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  query   query
truth:  use   database

test:  reset the data .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  download   data
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test functionality that are included in tests .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  test   insert
truth:  collect   null

test:  returns the coach request error page with the app context .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   dummy

test:  write the contents to the lt file .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   strings
truth:  write   null

test:  insert unregistered endpoint .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  username   eeg
truth:  view   view

test:  remove the proper file .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  output   output

test:  returns true if the given object is a hexidecimal .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a string representing xml element .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  return   representation
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  return a formatted egg for a particular resource .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes the parameters of a layer .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  creates a variable initialized with variable name .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  creates   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  get the last index .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the 6443 trivial platform .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse the office header into a tuple .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write the qpixmap url in the file_url to a destination file .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  write   open
truth:  download   download

test:  attempt to return an object compiled from an object or text .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get database instance url .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  get   search
truth:  null   webhook

test:  create embedded plugin .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  create   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  test for capability of the current matrix .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   html
truth:  test   span

test:  start a batch and start the given service .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  start   a
truth:  add   a

test:  retrieves entities in the datastore and time them .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  when creating a list of parameters .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  null   attribute
truth:  split   split

test:  run any return values in ei .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  func   func

test:  converts the here from kb then extracts the machine_name text .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  parses   equality
truth:  detects   null

test:  test that the cost layer is initialized correctly .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  return   test
truth:  test   test

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   null
truth:  initalize   null

test:  allow default message to be along with env .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  default   env
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the histogram of the threshold k parameters k : bin bin or dig bin polynomials over the bin bin filepath to be derivatives .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  compute   histogram
truth:  null   proportion

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  compute  and contaminated algorithm .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  retain   data
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns true if name is a class trailing name .
truth: for example . 
test:  returns   literal
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return a text string indicating a version of the given name as a deprecated string .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  synthesis of a linear b-spline function inplace .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  null   solve
truth:  note   note

test:  converts camel-case coordinates to string .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  test installing from a requirements requirements and updated with a local requirements .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  installing   install
truth:  test   test

test:  utility function for stdout .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  call   a
truth:  list   list

test:  turns zero in a user-visible template variables to unicode string .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  return   pass
truth:  return   return

test:  urllib2 a string after a random interface name .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  gets   null

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  qnwlege < n .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  integrate   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  minimum value of cutoff sigmoid algorithm .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  null   tanh
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  update the string to which the named file is stripped .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  data can be numpy array or the data to allocate the voidp and values .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   data

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  helper method to get plugins from multiple choice document .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  returns   a

test:  alternate shell file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  confirm that we are always confirm that the supplied alerts is shown .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add the tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   set
truth:  add   a

test:  disable monitoring' stream with aws num_shards .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   key
truth:  enhanced   null

test:  truncates weighted to truncate the old color codes to qual number of fastq length based on sequence of fastq to truncate after qual - qual .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  helper function to create an instance instance that maps an instance into a flag value .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  null   val
truth:  sets   sets

test:  check that the given dependency is installed .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from negatives and radius .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  filter out shape]return .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  null   image
truth:  generate   generate

test:  run a tunnel based on its name and nodes in a node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  log event bus .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  log   return
truth:  return   return

test:  show a time format .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  show   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the path to the storage storage instance .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   function

test:  upload partial upload to the machine-readable upload in .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  upload   up
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  given a list of completed exploration ids .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to get a oauth2 document from a text document .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  function   set
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  write a file to the destination file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  count   a
truth:  write   a

test:  get all of an artist or a release .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   sin

test:  detach a disk to member by its id .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   one
truth:  generate   one

test:  read read read read read .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  read   running
truth:  clear   null

test:  find all contained file for a file .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  generates   setup
truth:  yield   path

test:  return a class to add the given render_foo .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  return   null
truth:  process   process

test:  return a link to the appropriate version .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  return   provider
truth:  returns   a

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   compute_node
truth:  fix   service

test:  check if there is no view in the given view .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  if   return
truth:  figure   figure

test:  reset the cuda subsystem for a given technique .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  reset   injection
truth:  query   query

test:  return the content of a interface cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  determine if number is proposed or not .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  turn on the logger object into the root logger .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  adds   logger
truth:  logging   logging

test:  factorize kernel condition condition before merging the matrix .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  asarray   compute
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a string specifying a native python identifier for consistency .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  check   width
truth:  get   a

test:  return the current git hash based on the current git version .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  finds   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  output the return data provided for integer or just a list of strings to be executed .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  like   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a response object given a response string .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  return   in
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a signature message signature .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enables randomization of various pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  enables   null
truth:  disables   facilities

test:  return the current position of the current thread in the entire thread .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the given task .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  remove   metagenomeseqs
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  check if a tuple is a bad tuple with its .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  if   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  associate dhcp option invalid vpc id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  associate   dhcp
truth:  test   test

test:  create a verifier signature .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  default special functions for a scipy .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  set   a
truth:  package   package

test:  update a dataset metadata .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the given template string for the given context .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  template   template

test:  fixture that returns a temporary dataset and cache its bigquery table .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  memo decorator for sequences defined by the recurrence library .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return active choice contents of active world cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  check   return
truth:  list   list

test:  return the mysensors platform for sensors .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  setup   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the view that checks to search its permissions .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   things

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  like :class:tvdbclient .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  validate the provider logs in s3 logs .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc b .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  executes gcd of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  gcd   gcd
truth:  to   try

test:  pretty-print the indentation version of a certain number of indentation to indentation line [default is sys .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   a

test:  sends completed audit usage for a certain volume period .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  post   bw
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to stderr the trace of a stringio .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  test no data .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  reset ckans the template .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  return the path to the project extensions .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  null   app_label
truth:  return   a

test:  given the event button .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  pull   null
truth:  process   process

test:  find private configuration and log file .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  get   get

test:  add a new cache path .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  used   null

test:  return the metric metric of all nodes in a graph .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  add a message to the current bootstrap command line and values .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  aux function to connect to aws instance groups .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   create

test:  checks if file exists .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  if   csv
truth:  locate   a

test:  estimate spectral approximation for comparing a starred vector see :func:_access_rule .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  backup   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  performs forward msg into bifid .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a resource type and name .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   new

test:  get a message with the given jsonable stream .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new monitor request .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  if output headers are included in the response .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  set   set

test:  documents the resource action action for a segmentations action .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   helper
truth:  documents   a

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add intersections of the loop from the loop to x intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  endpoint   intersections
truth:  add   add

test:  save modified file and fail its index .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  save   add
truth:  creates   a

test:  fixture to save a valid topicsread and save it .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  if   null
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a test file from a test file system .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  simplified interface to be used by the process .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  starts   null

test:  translate exception .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  translate   convert
truth:  translates   null

test:  get pci device by id .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  execute the value of a python function in the given environment .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  execute   helper
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a list of messages from the server .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  import a dotted-path import from the python module .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  import   a
truth:  module   module

test:  a version of shutil .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require disabled test tutorial .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   distance
truth:  require   null

test:  returns true if the given trace trace .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  returns   redirects
truth:  given   a

test:  get the windows api window handle previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filter 'ing' out of multiple suffixes .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  step   step

test:  sends the given topic to a topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  read   messages

test:  passwdprog user .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test linear filter result from linear via a linear transformation of linear numpy array .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   lagrange

test:  returns a hash used for display a given text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  create   create

test:  checks that value is a string and of several write it into a python value .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  take   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert the mappings position in iso 8601 format to bits .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  convert   amount
truth:  takes   vertices

test:  cross-platform version of / as a tuple .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator to mark functions as http .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  check a expected url which will see if its http http request is expected .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  verifies   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  the picks algorithm to generate a random prime algorithm .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  null   return
truth:  use   use

test:  see membersh a course_key file and run a sequence of active status .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  process   grid
truth:  aborts   null

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ vpc vpc .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  compile_single compile database management implementation and return a compilationresult string .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   options
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a command-line args .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  return   get
truth:  import   a

test:  return a cout color with the given cprint .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  return the name of k which can be something to use .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  adds a panel to a new panel panel .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  combine   sphinx
truth:  add   column

test:  converts a string into all lowercase .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  prepend   a

test:  return string indicating that l{sol} function .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  list all files in a directory and files matching the specified directories .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  list   converts
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reconstruction with reconstruction and mask .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return the path of a file in the path .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   path

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  import an error block if the node is an parent block .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  to   check
truth:  detect   null

test:  converts the ytype matrix to nan representation of nan .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  like   variant
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the russellrao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  tasuki gap .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   pattern

test:  decorator to check if a task is actually a callable .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  create a job on the job .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  create   use
truth:  starts   a

test:  convenience function to find the contents of a user .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  display   a

test:  check the traffic server configuration data and populates the boolean data .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  check   return
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns a code snippet from the provided name .
truth: source: url . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  computes the sequence of n elements .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  null   append
truth:  translate   translate

test:  try to decodes a jpeg string tables into the encoded string .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  decode   jpeg

test:  returns the value represented by a 'contrastchange' change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all available locales .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  list   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  message helper method to check up the given response .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  null   check
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  converts value to int or integer .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  value   try
truth:  convert   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  wait for a bunch to become assertion or optionally wait until the assertion is true .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  wait   caches
truth:  calls   calls

test:  check if a ccx is assigned to a ccx of state .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  if   remove
truth:  context   context

test:  creates a python object .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  execute   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  verifies that label is valid .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  label   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retry the function to return its diff timeout at timeout given by wire_encode decorator .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  creates   a

test:  stop the specified server .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print a truncated name for all combinations of a specified query .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  switch   run
truth:  null   information

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  null   return
truth:  noop   noop

test:  get the current process components and add a group .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list enabled services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  trim the template from the selected command to show the command line for the trim command arguments in the history parser .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  merge   copies
truth:  uses   rar

test:  a first value of sudo .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  perform any pertinent response of n grib .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a theme list for the plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   plugins

test:  return true if f has length over its l1 and the http/2 .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  returns   l1

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  verify the code for a given revision .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set a one-parameter user .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  set   fixture
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether a phone calling code is possible to check the same zero .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a return the offset of a and offset .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  return   find
truth:  offset   offset

test:  calculates the url read from github paths .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation currently chooses stable output .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the number of days in a loop .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete indices .
truth: close indices . 
test:  indices   indices
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the coefficient bit standard error of a sequence parameters x : array-like object .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  asserts the user account with the provided ip provided ip address provided by the new user and password the password parameter .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test chart rendering with interpolation .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  test   generator
truth:  check   check

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of items in a pattern .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  return   function
truth:  if   null

test:  get the event from media manager descriptor object .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   event
truth:  get   get

test:  get the temperature in degrees celsius from the temperature sensor .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  get   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  chooses a running system cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  reboot   a

test:  decorator for marking eval-context dependent filters .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test basic application support .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  a orbit that enables all logging lines from a source space .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  null   null
truth:  close   close

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  delete large algorithm from a binary component parameters p1 : array_like .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  extended   check
truth:  check   check

test:  verify that value is a valid object or method of type 'message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  create   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  tomcat the tomcat service .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  null   print
truth:  start   start

test:  write the given refs .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  write   a
truth:  push   push

test:  test that youre returns a logging stream .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return sstr in mixed str/repr form i .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  function   expr
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compresses and returns a string .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  pickles   pickles

test:  this function loads extra trees either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cast cross-validation alloc with only x values to x .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function for returning a set of kinds .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   truncate
truth:  function   function

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set the pidlockfile configuration .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a tuple containing one key values .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  converts a function as a int of the various newline functions .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery animations on the epoch .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   authentication
truth:  disable   jquery

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  sets the ipdb for the current variable .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if file in the package .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  disable paging on the output .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   pexpect
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a set of languages languages .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  returns   equivalent
truth:  return   a

test:  update hea stats .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  display   requests
truth:  account   account

test:  choose issue #5835 .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  issue   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  by the name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   activation

test:  yaml: debug decorator .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  sleep for the generated system .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  sleep   failure
truth:  do   null

test:  loads any collectors .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   equality
truth:  null   truth

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond1 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  detect subscription subscription for all dataset subscriptions .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  loop   list
truth:  get   get

test:  utility for adding everything to the given obj .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  null   results
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the font reader for the font reader .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  set   null
truth:  get   get

test:  group user view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  null   -
truth:  add   add

test:  standard deviation .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  null   label
truth:  null   deviation

test:  get a brocade compliant interface .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  disconnect field from the output .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  null   output
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  uses the command-line arguments to create the options from the given line .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  command   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  returns an formatted color class .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   numeric

test:  unpack a double windows identifier for a double image .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sets rate at which users are created .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  null   product
truth:  null   null

test:  this view update the group .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  host   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine if an existing node is properly handled by the comment used to process .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  retrieve   example
truth:  returns   a

test:  equality_expression : relational_expression eq additive_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  null   equality_expression
truth:  null   equality_expression

test:  resolve a windows name to windows safe environment name .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  resolve   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  start usage information and exits to stdout .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  echo   usage
truth:  enable   console

test:  retrieve an api key .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   dict

test:  override a password for pem monit it into a password based on a password .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  null   a

test:  execute queries against postgres .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  return a unicode string instance .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns relationship relationship name .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  returns   people
truth:  get   relationship

test:  check if the weight binary search is equal a list of lower bounds .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   a

test:  join two strings and join to left .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  join   a
truth:  join   join

test:  custom formstyle for formstyle identified by the same id and its index page .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  default   default

test:  tokenize lexer .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   sql
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test that the details of distance in the input file .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  checks for options that should be ignored by the doctest plugin and lead to importerror importerror .
truth: check if options . 
test:  checks   processes
truth:  if   check

test:  execute a command on a flag .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  input   get
truth:  execute   null

test:  main function for cleaning up configuration .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  null   like
truth:  creates   null

test:  strip html string from the string .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  strip   strip
truth:  parses   a

test:  computes the paired distances between x and y read more in the paired matrix a matrix x and y .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  run a python module .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  factor an image in a list of rois .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  features   null
truth:  project   image

test:  gather out the software functions .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  gather   null
truth:  list   list

test:  install twisted if the python interpreter is importable .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  install   null
truth:  return   a

test:  install constant .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  install   install
truth:  copy   certbots

test:  verifies that we dont have ssl toctree separate the memory dictionary of functions using the init api calls .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  null   compile
truth:  creates   cherrypy

test:  create a new user .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly do a one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   randomly

test:  check if a python version is available .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  deprecated: decodes a time string with enough handling .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  plot a background topo from a background image .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  migrate   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check for docstring not start with cinder .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a thumbnail url with a thumbnail name .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  apply   urls
truth:  return   return

test:  replaces the norm .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  replaces   pricing
truth:  if   checks

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  this generates an gjr amount of common elements for use in a nearby amount of normalized ips .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a list of tags and converts their tags to a dictionary of tags .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return flattens vector consisting of the ordinary filter .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a parents meta key .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   up

test:  convert datetime to a json string .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if blocked is blocked .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  test   test

test:  unpickle object info from vispy .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  object   function
truth:  rebuild   app

test:  append a unique id to the specified filepath .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  *new the percent of the given grouping so we can pickle it .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  tag   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return string representation of unicode strings .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns true if nodes are an independent number in g .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  loads a class and returns a recent object .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  module   module

test:  return the first element from a list of slice .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  draw a uniform distribution .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote -> str indicates a data value out of the bytes in hundreds .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  null   formatter
truth:  removes   null

test:  helper function that returns the list of keys from the provided property .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  null   containers
truth:  get   enumerator

test:  test if python implementation isnt modified .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a table with a color table for a given color .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  build   a

test:  update the pairs based on a user without saved the latest review provider .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  update   list
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert an http time string into a posix time .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  string   return
truth:  convert   http

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  sends an image and return the service .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  fetches   lookup
truth:  return   return

test:  mock helper function for mysql requests .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets all virtual ips from the fixed interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  load   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  change email email .
truth: change users email . 
test:  email   a
truth:  change   users

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete delete .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   message

test:  returns the validation preference for an error message .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use an etag_func() that returns the call to an empty response .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   view
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of all ports for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  resets the exception handler on when the user < 1 .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  resets   exception
truth:  logs   logs

test:  enable rdp the service on the server cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  null   rdp
truth:  enable   rdp

test:  parse url starting with query string .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  url   publisher
truth:  compare   compare

test:  write the avg loss .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  running   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  *action_num* changes to keys in speaker field .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   session

test:  make sure the first column can performs a docstring .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  change   null
truth:  entries   entries

test:  get a list of variables in a specified dictionary .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   one

test:  if there are an image file .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  if   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns terminal columns of a variable .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  oh of every module .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a inhibit resize .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  create   null
truth:  resize   a

test:  return a list of the available users .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieves model types from a template 2-tuple with object ids and stores them in a context variable .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  accepts an encoder and return a string .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  given   output
truth:  null   encoder

test:  helper to return an absolute path of test configuration file .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks that the given baseline is a valid host-name command .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  log   log

test:  emulate sqlobjects in a tensor .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  emulate   axes
truth:  null   dimensions

test:  test reconstruction with zero image and zero mask .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   filter
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  return information about the key .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  return   keys
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decrypt a public key with a string .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  use t to utf-8 and utf-8 encoding .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  use   encode
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  generates all the list of static and share in the body contents .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  generates   load
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   data

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk file are stored .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   translator
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a unique mimetype container from the opf file system .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  determines if a file extension is given .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  return info about the html .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test female sprite -- same as male .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  ping   null
truth:  null   null

test:  makes a software configuration variable in partition in the __pub* configuration changes .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  set   system

test:  uk list .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  encode the sha1 id as a job info .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a scipy sparse matrix to an iterable of weighted format required for use with freedom it .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a dict containing a list of keys .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  restores   null

test:  get a window .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  run the internal fixture on a temporary test .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  run   fixture
truth:  create   a

test:  regression test for bug ecliptic through array objects .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  create   test
truth:  to   checks

test:  parse the value of the amp tools .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the matrices modulo vectors and variance .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a tensor variable initialized with a square distribution .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   null

test:  create a server parameter from the insert default clause .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  the root directory for zipline root files .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  convert the given metadata to a tarball .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  read   a

test:  strips and formatting of and trailing quotes from single space .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  strips   version
truth:  removes   null

test:  setup a test with a given class methods from an roles method .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  setup   roles
truth:  if   null

test:  colorize emx .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of typical models for all related models for the given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update 'extension manifest around syncdb .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  signal   start
truth:  update   extension

test:  return an event to all the event events to the specified channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  return   send
truth:  send   send

test:  a save function or tree at a random individual[index]if algorithm in the tree .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  null   field
truth:  replaces   a

test:  grab the salt cloud salt cloud salt master config .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if file is considered a valid search filename .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the value of the user-agent header to use for update requests .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns an iterator over the n elements from iterable n the iterable at the given list .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  handle the given salt volume snapshot .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  handle   post
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the readlinebridge user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   fixture
truth:  require   a

test:  returns available rss sample .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  normalized   samples
truth:  sample   rss

test:  test that our suggestion doesnt be ignored in review if the file is not ignored .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  register a new dictionary into the default and low data class .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  add melded pillar by loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   faces
truth:  add   pillar

test:  check if a network address is on the given network .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  list partitions by disk cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  partitions   arg
truth:  list   list

test:  ensures that the provided value is a argparse integer in the range [0 .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given the fused base name and an original base .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the interface description of an interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a function to dump a special "stack" options .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  function   a
truth:  block   block

test:  maskscore score of the weights from prediction scores .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  null   fill
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  text   null
truth:  text   text

test:  return true if we need to support support anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  build a namespace for data from gce .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  build   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  return the current contents of the supplied time in seconds .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   plugins
truth:  add   a

test:  checks to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  return the interactive figure .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  null   exclude
truth:  clear   null

test:  list task in a task .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  create   task
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypt plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  encrypts   null
truth:  encrypts   plaintext

test:  return the url domain name: url => en .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all the brlist interfaces .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   md5
truth:  compute   md5

test:  check that the distance works even if *icrs* is consistent with those distance .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  decorated   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  a decorator for functions that always returns none .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  null   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if iso :nth-last-child() was scalar .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns resource time of a stack .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  null   case

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create a new temporary file and save file containing the given temporary key .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  import and return a valid tb function .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  import   return
truth:  like   like

test:  attempt to complete the openid frames .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  to   null
truth:  complete   openid

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a service connection as a string .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  load and return 32 backend from the setup backend .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  importing   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  given a pandas structuring mask to an df[columns] .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  drops   drops

test:  check if the footer object has write encoding at the footer in the footer .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the version .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  supplied   converts
truth:  supplied   converts

test:  insert text into deleting bytes from text .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  checks if given word is related to text .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new entry mapping entry .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  generate a string from a list of complement complement strings .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  return   complement

test:  returns a function function that takes one or more iterables and returns the value .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get dict of an object from obj and return it as a dict .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assocxyz .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  decorating   null
truth:  make   null

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  list documentation docstring for the application script .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  parse   attempt
truth:  help   help

test:  when a wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  null   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a loop by default the default loop .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that exit code is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   literal
truth:  check   check

test:  repack options to be used in salt options .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  depending on user .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  to   update
truth:  null   handler

test:  delete the given image content .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  check if file is used with default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  build the possible positions used by invoking utility function at metrics' .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  build   check
truth:  if   check

test:  just gives the url .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  view   view

test:  convert the model to a model dict .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  show a short audio command .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  show   null
truth:  get   current

test:  iterate over bytes .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  find the name where file dumps is a package in the given repo .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   return

test:  return the control configuration file .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return a cinderblockdeviceapi object describing the cpu links for volume .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  return   length
truth:  instantiate   null

test:  handle a last last key from a file report .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  reports   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string showing the bar version of a microsite .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  generate unique id in uuid4 format .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the score at the given axis of the sequence of integers .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set held queue to unheld in the mail queue to unheld the windows queue id of the image to new mail queue .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  put   put

test:  calculates all assets directories in the different locations for js .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  calculates   format
truth:  built   remove

test:  for a function calls func on win32 routines .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the plex platform .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test that no url is saved at a seconds .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  pair of object types .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  iterate   predicate
truth:  to   helper

test:  delete a task by id .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws 'codedeploy' service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  insert   insert

test:  test dimension validation should raise valueerror .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  fail   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of default base['username'] check that are not have been mapped to use .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  return   a

test:  in underscores .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export a single tool .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  run   doclist
truth:  export   doclist

test:  returns the python files to load a given python module .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  check the query output of elasticsearch args for each stack .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  check   check
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  create a new key for a file .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update the default config[u'journals'][scope] endpoint .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  updates   a

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup the available fritz!box sensor .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  generate all the timestamp that would like a tuple .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of created key key key key for the requested flag .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  declares   a

test:  test basic tab support .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the angle from radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the scharr magnitude using the scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  compute   scharr
truth:  find   find

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  measure to reads the qtile metric .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  collect   verifies
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get a zip key from the given entity id .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  starting   fixture
truth:  test   test

test:  computes discrete zeros for the given fixed length .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get descendant set of input variables recursively .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   parent

test:  this create a valid openid task .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  pads   display
truth:  render   a

test:  returns default string .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  emulate   null

test:  make a unique string for a function .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  list packages created by package lock .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  list   a
truth:  specified   remove

test:  start interface for djangos server .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  null   a
truth:  project   management

test:  return the version of the directory that contains a given version .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for each row that are not needed .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  callback function to get messages from the request .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  merge 2 dicts and merge arrays into a single dictionary .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  manage addresses for the smtp connections list for smtp connections .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  launch   ip
truth:  ip   ip

test:  verify the object can pass a class .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  accepts subtasks type to generate and numeric "a" status .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  store   store

test:  return a connection to the redis connection .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the users support web page .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   page
truth:  return   return

test:  is the hue and a function .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  func   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  use the hg key to find a package clause .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  sets   find
truth:  locate   column

test:  add url to the wiki wiki pages .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  git   null
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a otu table to make sure the database is defined by the database .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   log10

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test logarithmic with a bad range of values .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  logarithmic   logarithmic
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  get unicodedecodeerror gpu digraph for the alloc inputs .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   join

test:  pull from package .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  pull   flocker
truth:  test   test

test:  only load if the timezone module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  generate a test pdf header that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf line" tests .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  register all registeringscheme%swith%s' values in the map mapping .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return project database based on the limits or update .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  return detailed information about the vms .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  for a particular adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  1 minus activation algorithm .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  null   get
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  allows a user to the flask page with a flask redirect .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  null   redirects
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a boolean indicating whether the fact is present .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the comment modelform class .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run pylama in a directory and prints them as data .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   return

test:  call a useragent} with the timeout with the given timeout .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  call   image
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   virtualbox
truth:  remove   virtualbox

test:  is a path a file using current argument .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  is   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper decorator that pass the authentication and ensures a web request is not ignore this value .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  null   sysadmins
truth:  ignore   null

test:  ravel the dimensions after the first element matched functions .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  null   product
truth:  show   show

test:  computes a tuple of weight in a single space .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  compute   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  dot product of two arrays .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   <

test:  parameters year : int .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a nulltranslations() class .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if model is multiple than the primary key .
truth: return true . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  return the named container .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  scan   scan

test:  test installing scripts .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return a dictionary of {field_index: names from all table names .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the dot product between two vectors .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   change
truth:  computes   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  null   saved_file
truth:  null   saved_file

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  compare two arrays using serial entries .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return the fresh session .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the historical and check for a set of tuples .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  given   a

test:  returns true if the passed request is running .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  replace extra key in original .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  update   function
truth:  create   a

test:  that _get_submissions_score a plotting wsgiserver .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  map   y

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  match the etags status of the given string .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  test   test

test:  attempts to base64 decode a base64 encoded string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  generates   string
truth:  make   null

test:  warning: this decorator will require a django user .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   level

test:  compute a utc timestamp of a number of utc :class:~datetime .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  process   a

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance and returns a model instance suitable for the bound form with the data through this machine .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  bound   bound
truth:  bound   bound

test:  return a session object from the wrapped session .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the sine replacement for the sinusoidal layer .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  return   time
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  serialize a document object to a string of html <= signatures .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  serialize   returns
truth:  sanitizes   null

test:  perform available updates .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  perform   downloads
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  set the preferred time zone as a user .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  filter elements that are allowed to be essentially .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  null   in
truth:  filter   filter

test:  return true if the file is db .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensures that the response is deprecated .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  selected   null
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  function   template
truth:  outputs   a

test:  insert one statement into the given node .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   sys
truth:  insert   insert

test:  zero problem state entirely entirely for a particular problem for a course .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  null   problem
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   behavior

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the object to use for a given object .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a dask array from a dask dataframe parameters token : str .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  create   a
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load an 8-bit grayscale image .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  get a unique asset template name .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  get   return
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  prompt to user for a string .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   prompt

test:  create a twilio client .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  create   null
truth:  sends   a

test:  callback for adding adding problems when adding or all of the graph .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a matrix product of the result of a and its a matrix .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  return   cmd
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator that makes sure a function decorator uses decorator for no-param arguments .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query string .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  support function for copy_reg to pickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  get   capture
truth:  function   function

test:  match rules from an individual policy .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  rules   compensation
truth:  walk   null

test:  find the line navigation in this statement .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  find   return
truth:  list   list

test:  return a packed packed packed packed bytes if current machine is not a platform element .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   freebsd

test:  update the value from a key/value pair .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   property

test:  deletes a security group id .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a uid from a specific uid .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if the bank bank key is only available .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  discretize mean by taking the average on an oversampled model .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  mean   model
truth:  model   model

test:  return the placeholder url to a given site .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate rst example to detect example example example example .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   magnitude
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a :rfc:2047 address from opennebula .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build a build header for a given url to build .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  fetch   -
truth:  make   a

test:  retain a media_player after use decrement the reference instance .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  only load if docker libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns valid intent .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  send an email to a queue with top-level containing containing a message .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  send   send
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  make sure the level level level functions are valid .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  if   return
truth:  convert   level

test:  quick memmap for the specified backing filter .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  calls   reverse
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using cdf parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  correlation   parameters
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  display the sections view that displays sys .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  display   view
truth:  view   view

test:  dot product between two arrays .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file exists and is a block device .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the path where sys .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a specific variables .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  listen   null

test:  plot a figure with coords that each pixel is assigned to another image .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plots   corners

test:  return the size in bytes like a human readable string .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   a

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  adds some hexdigest headers to the specified response .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  add trailing and trailing zeros .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  add   none
truth:  append   append

test:  return the stock cost in queue .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set over dirty and retrieve a quota usage .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  converts a successful api response to an integer .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds the index in a list of integers where the a[m] value is a string including the second number of integers .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  takes   version
truth:  null   version

test:  set up the nest local server platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: finder finder a finder to determine if there is an active template .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over a sanity partition state .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  iterate   generator
truth:  filters   a

test:  gets user id to the given user_ids .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  gets   usernames
truth:  converts   converts

test:  turn a result into a colored key .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  evaluates   data
truth:  is   result

test:  return the pid by trying to access an pid file .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generate all items in a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  generate   length
truth:  pair   pair

test:  check the unit function .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  create   issue
truth:  tests   creation

test:  test the "friedman logic .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  convert unicode string to unicode .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  a dictionary over pairs pairs .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  exclude   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  effect the name of the module that starts a substring .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  import   import

test:  calculate the binary padding code and bytes in a sequence of binary types .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek 1000 units .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the exponential of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get the memcache options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  remove *nix colour sequences into a text string .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  remove   docstring
truth:  removes   colour

test:  return find the data specifications and path .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  merge   upgrade
truth:  null   null

test:  copy database references to a list of their natural scaling computation .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  decorates   column

test:  true if the given directory has been initialized by any effect .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  if   run
truth:  return   return

test:  callback for formset to be used in formset to render formset .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  null   return
truth:  render   formset

test:  restart a "package" on a specific service cli example: .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check translations view that checks the most common wrap requests .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  null   counts
truth:  stats   stats

test:  generate binscope config from the current deployment .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  testing   metadata
truth:  install   install

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generates some redirects as provided by the query string .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  generates   sets
truth:  sets   a

test:  decorator for rruleset methods .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  parse a bucket and parse it to a collection of similar tuples .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant f in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  reduce   a

test:  load and return an object .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict of vm data that are pipeline data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  return   get
truth:  compile   vm

test:  display a list of all requests as a string .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   show
truth:  display   a

test:  return the number of int numbers that have a particular version .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  return   null
truth:  pyopenssl   check

test:  somebody at the end .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  get all the js template instances in a class .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  given   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  for a given object to the pickle database .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  null   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  given a message name .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a new :class: .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check if a test is accept an accept error .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  if   return
truth:  match   match

test:  look up an attribute signature and assign some previously allocated data .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  bind   predicate
truth:  null   decorator

test:  report weights of categorize model .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  report   weights
truth:  show   show

test:  associate user api requests to the @partial api .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  null   pipeline

test:  returns the currently active thread instance .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  return a flat numpy array that can be fixed with svmc tasks .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a file in the "comment contents to disk using a file .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  decorator for x: class a: a: use of a class .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  null   call
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  should be supported as compatible for the used to validate the used and assign an error rate .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  used   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  add a list of lists into a list .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  add   reader
truth:  null   a

test:  group edit .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   group
truth:  edit   edit

test:  check that we can ignore the same name to other modules .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  null   function
truth:  ignore   ctrl+c

test:  code that runs on application startup .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  fires   null

test:  take markup and the base64 encoded string and return a new markup .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  for our tests .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  null   sign
truth:  null   null

test:  load global domains .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  commit   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  updates a new user with given user_id .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  select an item from the item t .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  select   elements
truth:  select   elements

test:  nnp is a convenience function .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  is   shortcut
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns an encoder for a group field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  like   like

test:  languages a revision / blacklist .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  github   a
truth:  null   languages

test:  return a tuple .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  maps   items
truth:  itemgetter   fixes

test:  check if a task name is found in the task .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  this function prepares a none]currmodule reference .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  load   current
truth:  obtain   current

test:  label: get the label for folder alias for folder alias .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   get

test:  generate wrapper script script for main test .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  generate   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dict mapping values to their string property .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  numpy implementation of log2(x) .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the information about an iterable .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find and return a copy of primers by str .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  find   redirects
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  method method mark method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  return   fn
truth:  decorate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  write markdown files to extract_dir .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  drop all the mean .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  drops   helper
truth:  drop   drop

test:  simple function to return if host is 'netbsd' or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  redirect prefix to the given command .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  command   command

test:  get the optional u'de devices with the same name .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  get   a
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a call only return information about a function .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  creates   object
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a list of top topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  search based tm arguments .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  based   use
truth:  null   tm

test:  parse a hash string .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  search   find
truth:  resolve   null

test:  get neighbour adapter adapters adapters .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  check the arguments defined by the sites way .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  create   null
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test that no rules cannot be created .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  turn object into a boolean value .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  object   null
truth:  return   a

test:  set the given versions for a idle one .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  converts   sets
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  change current column cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  predefined   commands
truth:  get   current

test:  convert string s to a node .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  string   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  send message into current server(s) .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check that we can override the score .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  check   version
truth:  compute   deviance

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  build a campaign feed item used for a given platform .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the directory component of a pathname .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  return   current
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the name of a package containing python .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  returns   import
truth:  find   find

test:  default templates that renders request and dictionary every request to be used with .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  mimics   django

test:  simple python module name to potential the name they should be mock or y_value: .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify policy is valid according to policy settings .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a default layer positive .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  creates   value
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate a new private key type .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a list of instances for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  items view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  get   items
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the img onto the canvas at the specified position .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  overlay   blend
truth:  to   null

test:  gets a single gating content usage gating related to the given gated_content_key dict .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  wait to see select output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  imports the path to the package_dirpath repository from the command line .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  return   null
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  ensures rc rc to deprecated .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  exception   return
truth:  return   a

test:  start the client .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  start   web
truth:  null   entry

test:  plot difftool to review .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  prompt   launch
truth:  diff   diff

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  crops the app version in the wsgi environment and returns a version string .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if there are any reg assignments .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  walk   null

test:  alias for handling the current keyboard directory also point is .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  null   example
truth:  add   add

test:  return the path where grep is running under grep .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  return   output
truth:  function   function

test:  for testing .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  function   function

test:  the smallest integer k such that k*d >= n .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  permutes   null
truth:  rotate   x

test:  truncates truncate after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  destroy absent .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  encode   password
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the correct variance of the meta distributions .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  returns   output
truth:  value   value

test:  transform the given matrix to theano photoimage by the new points .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  reload a new untracked .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  context   expand
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  selects a list of an addition form form .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  produces   tables
truth:  generates   a

test:  get inradius of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the xmlobject of the xmlobject .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   cloud
truth:  get   minimum

test:  hash of string concatenation .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  generate   generate

test:  read a number .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  read   parse
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  like managed-script .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  null   statistics
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information called before the specified job id to be executed .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string escaped by python 2 .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  input   input

test:  convert bytes from several image file and return a list of example .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  loads   list
truth:  builds   a

test:  for usage with container sync .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   usage
truth:  usage   usage

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  setup   envisalink
truth:  perform   null

test:  add given tenant to the flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  given   add

test:  add a function to be called when a line matches the given tag .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  add   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  determine the default cache location this is the python_egg_cache environment variable .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a localised number .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  return the python data which prints operation .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  return   maximum
truth:  find   minimum

test:  get a scaling policy .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  get   function
truth:  return   return

test:  helper method to parse an s3 uri .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the sell type for a larger value .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  map   relation

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  return the path to the system .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  return   up
truth:  get   get

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the unit enabled unit registry registry registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  installs one or more system and its managed jobs .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  installs   seconds
truth:  download   software

test:  create a public ip .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  indent any leading whitespace from invalid whitespace in line .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  text   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  half euclidean algorithm .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   ufunc
truth:  extended   euclidean

test:  login to comment limited status .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return the version of locate cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  server   server

test:  remove duplicates from iterable .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  duplicates   like
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a datetime object to a string format .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  resolve   function
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieve response code from http message .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  retrieve   status
truth:  return   status

test:  return the ace for a partial object args: name : the name of the object to check or path to the object .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  post the students callback to the students which have been created .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  list   data
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convenience function to turn a version of the given version to a mode .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  open   entry
truth:  context   manager

test:  stack a returned error types .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  null   null

test:  compute inverse of matrices .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   *

test:  check if filename filename filename is defined in bytes .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  filter   check
truth:  displays   current

test:  copy a file from one destination .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  null   a

test:  delete a form form .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  render   render

test:  remove old search values .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  clean   null

test:  unpickle bound .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to format the default iosync .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  null   start
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of http headers into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run a dynamic instance of an array .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  used   null

test:  add rootobject to a tree .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  add   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  format a string in a string .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  format   return
truth:  format   format

test:  wait until a process is connected .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  wait   run
truth:  take   a

test:  clear a port from an iis list of old run a make .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   a

test:  validate the list of values in the provided scale .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  scale   scale

test:  takes element from a list of nodes and prepends them to the multiple elements of the node .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  surround   null

test:  test that subclass .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  test   create
truth:  ensure   null

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   equality
truth:  null   truth

test:  move to the event loop .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  register   print
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  sets the date on which the account expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  retrieve html projects for a course .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  certificate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  fetch metadata for the given user .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a current click loop .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  raise error if cross convenience method .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  null   send
truth:  cross   product

test:  test installing and it should not support a file:// with a given tag .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  null   test
truth:  cloning   test

test:  return a pick .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  return   function
truth:  pick   channels

test:  create reindent lines off python source code instance .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  set a text text text .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get default value for currency .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  default   authentication
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator which module api functions .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  extracts the secret token from an secret token .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a static_url function for the given argument type and returns a stdout .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  inputs   inputs

test:  return a service is enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   check

test:  ajax address .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  create a qtoolbutton over icon so that the apscheduler attribute is found .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of the first kind of degree n in n .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   legendre
truth:  generates   laguerre

test:  returns a tuple of the data iterable from the given encoding .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  to   a
truth:  check   a

test:  adds a single tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return a utility function that given image and a resource from the resource .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  return a dict of the image images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator to allow to exit to stdout .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  replaces   a

test:  calculate the correct mirror mirror based on repository .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  guess   console
truth:  apply   a

test:  return a relationship url .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether the request backends are enabled .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  check   social
truth:  add   add

test:  notify subscribed users about new translation .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  is   notification
truth:  notify   notify

test:  provide information for a config files .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  runs   attempt
truth:  get   nginx

test:  setup the runners shutdown .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return all limit of the list of key attributes .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  converts all key/value pairs to an integer .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  converts   normalize
truth:  set   set

test:  split out the available tag or installed packages into a dictionary .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set float adjust option as integer .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  adjust   enable
truth:  adjust   adjust

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  same as attempt to avoid be safe for uhandle .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  changes the amount of memory used to vm .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   vm
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  run flocker-volume through latest version and return it .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  run   parse
truth:  returns   a

test:  escape the characters that are potentially displayed in this html .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get html view if html is enabled and saves their unfulfilled certificates .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   null

test:  this function is used to mark mobile-compatible into block .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  function   run
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders the storage account table .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  get api method response for a resource in the given api name .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   api

test:  catch an docker client .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a list of codename from the provided permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute fixed ori operator .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   implementation
truth:  compute   orientation

test:  parse a string or object .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns content as pages .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  fetch a new task object .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  get   a

test:  register a new "package" .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  register   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  delete existing 'wal-prefetch' edit nodes .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  existing   null
truth:  render   a

test:  check whether mayavi is equal to the given version .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  find lowext in a subdirectory .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  find   return
truth:  filename   filename

test:  convert a day in iso 8601 format to timestamp .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  given   day

test:  test the rtmockclient of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  reading   epochs
truth:  test   epochs

test:  get snapshot from snapshot .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  get   parses
truth:  xml   xml

test:  returns an array of sample size .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a datacenter instance in a package .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if a list is allowed to be assigned .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  if   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates a report on a deprecated filter .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  deprecated   handle

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  determine the old-style method of type when two scripts .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  passed   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  execute boilerplate main sharing sharing .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  execute   returns
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts an id or name and return a interactively object .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  converts   converts

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  custom formstyle for filters on kbengine fields .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  format the current version of iterable and add it to the end of markdown .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generates   add
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate pem key .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  uploads a bucket .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  builds a cross method of 4 probability distribution fields .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  evaluate   calculate
truth:  null   methods

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  avoid using windows machine .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   readline

test:  return matrix to reflection point point to reflection vector on reflection plane .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   bandwidth
truth:  return   matrix

test:  returns a protobuf instance associated with a particular instance .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  load a python loader .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return a copy of the value in an integer .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a dictionary of words .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  given   matplotlib
truth:  build   vocabulary

test:  transform two matrices objects to y .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  create   a

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  input   input
truth:  output   output

test:  ensure that the named index is absent .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert an image to a random image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  identify   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  check if a string is a a- .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  complete the backend .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  to   return
truth:  url   url

test:  create a service .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  create   a
truth:  start   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   unittest
truth:  null   crud

test:  backward compatibility for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  source   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  return a new actionerror object for a new counts .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the post related functionality for a matrix .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  tests   editable

test:  check if the required warning is disabled .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  used   function

test:  helper method for getting page name .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   one

test:  return the singleton version of the current python version .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  return   template
truth:  return   a

test:  verify that a sequence is a valid ethtool sequence .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  setup the wink light platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --target .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  test   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  same as a >= b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the django version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if a node is an services or a certain namespace name .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory for adding tasks to a decorator that uses the community state .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  compute stim stim channel for a batch of events .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  given   find
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  return up a multiple labels .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  draw   a

test:  parse click like this: * the key .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return lines in the specified entry .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  attempt to plug a tarball on a specified port .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  determine   find
truth:  extract   null

test:  display standardized table for abstract color by deleting some color of a selection table .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  take   a
truth:  given   a

test:  model a case with upload initial invariant into various pieces .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   a

test:  load a list of file and return the list of modules which should be valid .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns the simplified answers for the given exploration mapping .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  regression generate a animation with public module type .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test the default pickle subject .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  label   label
truth:  io   io

test:  factory function to create a new estimators .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  function   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  read motif(s) from a file in place of several different jaspar formats .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  read   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the theme for a theme .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test if we can merge packages .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated page .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  return   null
truth:  move   move

test:  .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   docs

test:  test if a and b are a return if its not a .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  if   test
truth:  null   null

test:  recursively recursively recursively convert to the given dict in any of its contents .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  set up a query string to a battery battery lists .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  set   return
truth:  like   urlparse

test:  translate status of vmadm retcode .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  command   a
truth:  exit   exit

test:  import python module .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  import   import
truth:  initialize   null

test:  locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  should not create the invitation linked to that user .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two context strings together while for strings .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful method used by the user .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  drill a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  dimension   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  :exc:processingexceptions our gc_histogram() instance of a double-precision s3 file .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  null   config
truth:  if   null

test:  create tasks on a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  project form view and form view .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   project
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  lists all roles from the user list .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  lists   validate
truth:  prints   prints

test:  returns media type for the media .
truth: the media page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   media

test:  returns a string representing a number of bytes with timezone query .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  gets the path to the directory .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return hex digest of the concatenation of body strings .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  find an iterable of a properties .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  find   method
truth:  parse   a

test:  take a list of changes .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  take   fake
truth:  generate   a

test:  context manager that prints orgprint on support .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  context   variation
truth:  save   stdout

test:  0judgement measurement for a set of calibration .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   measurement

test:  align -> int adds the numbers x to x .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  align   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parses variables from config file into user configuration .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  kid suspend is active .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  create a custom icon class to call the icon .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  null   a
truth:  render   a

test:  run the command specified by subprocess .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  serve   wrapper
truth:  capture   capture

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  return list of environment variables with project vars or environment variables .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   a

test:  write the include_pat available to the everything .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  same as a >= return a .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  paginator a paginator for a message with a paginator .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  this is run when creating a head dictionary with modbus parameters .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   connect

test:  test invalid values .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   import
truth:  test   test

test:  execute the given path .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  tests   remove
truth:  call   call

test:  parse a date in google analytics response into a last-modified aware datetime object .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   date

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  unified   return
truth:  unified   get

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate exponential fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two contractive count files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse the dictionary contained in the tar_file update .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  dictionary   checks
truth:  hash   hash

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  internal system parsing gitlab-merge-request gitlab-merge-request graph utc importerror: returns utc system .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  matches   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load data from a bytestring instance .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  load   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the directory for this module .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  log header .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  play   null
truth:  logs   http

test:  determine if the three patterns form a sharp corner returns the three numpy array form that has a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test that the tpot round can be loaded .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   logo
truth:  test   test

test:  test for creating a style style string .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  add a enrollment attribute to the course list provided .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  0kn laguerre polynomial .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  physicists   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  if available writable is connected to the master selector .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  open all or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  show   move
truth:  open   open

test:  yaml: build-user-vars set environment variables to the value of the build build .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a view .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  download a certificate from the existing student .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  download   certificate
truth:  generated   null

test:  retrieve an elasticache snapshot snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  count   a
truth:  make   a

test:  runs run tests .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  run   checks
truth:  return   a

test:  set plugins .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  removes filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  correct   filesystem
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  helper function to get resources from the instance to store into the rendition dict .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  verifies   dumps
truth:  obtain   a

test:  ensure a simple documentation .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  working   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a message from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  rename user saved playlist .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rename   user
truth:  rename   a

test:  write worksheet conditional to xml .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  delete a function as a single parameter position in a resolver .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for deprecated functions .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  flags   a

test:  imports a load a alias in the string or raises an objects class .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  imports   name
truth:  load   class

test:  find the value of maximum single-commodity flow .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  computes   find
truth:  find   a

test:  calculate the boxcox matrix for an interval of the single-letter distribution .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  calculate   i
truth:  return   a

test:  test that table with local api for vcs that has previously launchpad 1988 .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read a new disk from a new disk .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  read   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  test the javascript tests with 'port and our results .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  to   run
truth:  run   run

test:  entrance function to support a at(1) task .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  init   lx
truth:  encode   encode

test:  true if path is a unsaved>'length tag .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  adds the correct gaussian distribution .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  add   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  insert a function into the given target .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  reorder of area within a 2-d value parameters x : array-like the index of the right but y .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  if   wrapper
truth:  compute   area

test:  verifies that strong element defined in css blocks are num_cores: .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  null   proxy
truth:  null   null

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  print a normal message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  translate vreturn pairs into a mapping of numbers in another .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  entries   bag
truth:  null   null

test:  return the list of clusters .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  control-p in vi edit mode on readline is history next .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  creates a series of changes made up to .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  return a reformatted for the given domain .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   format

test:  initialize a streamhandler .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   helper
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  convert the given html escape .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  shortcut to unset role .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  to   role
truth:  remove   role

test:  setup selection in the string corresponding to the given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return the percentage of total ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a file at name .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse an xml string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  changes a query for db .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  validates   language
truth:  if   checks

test:  parse a single table definition .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  parse   test
truth:  pull   pull

test:  return an object by name .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  import   a

test:  train a single test for a single path .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  train   test
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a named service exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  only work on gentoo systems with pkg .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  set   set

test:  set the default color of the original color context .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  set up a default order .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  default   default

test:  checks if given objects are equal as expected .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the time time in milliseconds since the epoch .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   system

test:  create a function that will initialize the given error .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  combines   null

test:  send activation outbox outbox outbox .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  send   test
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the size of the logs buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a utf8 string to a byte string .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  cast   a

test:  context manager that starts the specified time .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  creates an hash that use the given sqlalchemy hash .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  builds an http client authenticated with the service account credentials .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  returns   application

test:  sorts version of list .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  takes   items
truth:  sorted   returns

test:  return a javascript string for use in javascript code .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  return   data
truth:  dump   null

test:  collect multiple option values into option and an iterable .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   multiple
truth:  collect   multiple

test:  returns the name from snapper config .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  checks if the host is two or "show match the list of allowed and returns true if the host domain .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  disable the kapacitor state cache .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  disable   sets
truth:  set   status

test:  get the number of elements as float or none .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  get   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  used to return a single file and client .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  creates a carving for an target with the given name .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  creates   download
truth:  is   null

test:  only load if we are configured .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a scale class by name or path .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print the layer by procedure .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   decode
truth:  print   print

test:  reorder an rsa 32-bit data .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  unpack   a

test:  populated populated once .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  test   create
truth:  null   null

test:  check document for document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   html

test:  uninstall a feature args: feature : the full path to the feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  uninstall   remove
truth:  disables   null

test:  return true if value is a repository with the same value .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   filter

test:  get the sysfs device by pci cli example: .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  trim all valid variables in a list of through all valid probabilities .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  compare   like
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return true if mode is from a fifo .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  resolve a required script id to the global namespace name .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  resolve   name
truth:  name   resolver

test:  create a number of integer from the next base .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  create   return
truth:  encodes   a

test:  provide the tooltips for the hazardkeys filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   return
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns a html document of a revision to html .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  split multiple hits operations to a mime-type .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  selected   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get new profile .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace characters in a readable css css css file .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   directory
truth:  replace   replace

test:  generate a random number .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  select   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find the unicode parameter in a template file if possible .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  find   null
truth:  detect   null

test:  returns a urls for the comment pattern .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make a sequential palette from lowest palette .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  backwards and execute the given status and return the results in sys .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  null   start
truth:  run   a

test:  unify_walk unify_walk for sorting map strings/integers for tokens in tracebacks .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a path for the default objects in the node .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define a calculated guest folders based off an users guest guest folders provided in the guest backend .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  pull   null
truth:  access   access

test:  create a collection .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  create   null
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the random identifier of writing back in the application .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function to handle openid form .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  a simple function for testing function .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   relu

test:  the product matches the given model .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  function   get
truth:  matching   matching

test:  calculate the index of some more in a color by hold .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  decrease   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  remove a file path from a given path .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  convert   paths

test:  indent the indentation .
truth: indent text . 
test:  add   return
truth:  text   text

test:  remove a new content-type menu parameters settings for the locale .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  establish   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a regular expression flags .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   fetch
truth:  create   a

test:  set the state of the global state .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  set   close
truth:  close   close

test:  return the url to the current thread .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  saves image as an grayscale image .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  save   a
truth:  saves   image

test:  set nginx port for bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  default   bench
truth:  set   nginx

test:  list private urls used to list of: - scan - scan a scan - scan a scan - scan - id - id - the scan process in which contain
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   vulnerabilities
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a release or a release .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a dict of json values .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  flatten   validation
truth:  return   a

test:  return the owner name of a path in file .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  return   return
truth:  require   a

test:  get index value from a index file name and the params index .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  index   a
truth:  hydrate   null

test:  put the pwd_hash class .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  if   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  create an 'commandline'args object from the given setuptools and setup .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   distribution

test:  get a path to a vsphere instance .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  get   upgrade
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the json account account from a provided service account .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  return the instantiates server cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  to   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the revision .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  yaml: *stream_name* this plugin allows you to define a build process that will be registered in the ui max_dim plugin *stream_name* .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  computes metric for nodes in both nodes .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   representation
truth:  computes   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  list all available event .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute correlation between two terms .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   max
truth:  compute   compute

test:  save the load to a specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  command   commit
truth:  save   null

test:  use an nonsemantic network .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  write an inset gcode file from a gcode file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   get
truth:  write   a

test:  basic implementation of valid anonymous module .
truth: view that . 
test:  taken   null
truth:  view   view

test:  tests datetimes are left that a datetimes of datetime strings that are left .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a tunneled file to the model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a step sections for a linear unit parameters sos : array_like array of the zpk[ middleware *s* .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate a share document record .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  null   answers
truth:  share   share

test:  escape the given key from text .
truth: process the message . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  process   process

test:  test if object is a string .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  if   message
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all parameters needed for the encoder .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  recursive helper for generating numpy arrays with transport by their sizes .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  null   function
truth:  get   transport

test:  replace words with a single file to replace tab with a new words .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  convert   imap4

test:  return the length of an image id for the given image id .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute private vs term with specified parameters .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  solve   solve

test:  generate all prefixes in a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns true if fallback to find their flag or false .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  use   a

test:  setup all arguments .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  null   alternative

test:  return a string containing nulls .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  search   parses
truth:  clean   null

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a string .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  return a random rotation or response with matrix .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure delete with passed properties is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  function   function

test:  get the addresses as a string .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  get   replace
truth:  mask   mask

test:  if the given value is a default .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  sets the pid of the pid .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  sets   process
truth:  shut   null

test:  contactfield add .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  change the unbuckling basis that use this xmodule standard deviation .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  change   sets
truth:  null   space

test:  return a query .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  function   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  get a module by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   class
truth:  get   symbol

test:  create a method decorator that will add a method to all of its threadpool .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  sort an iterable in-place .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  translate a model name like a model name or a year after the model line given .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   a

test:  get a path by a loop and returns its path .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  function   support
truth:  get   portion

test:  use the incoming password after adding its password to a password password .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  to   tests

test:  increment all the named identity queue .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  does   null
truth:  store   a

test:  n-dimensional n-dimensional repeat function .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  adapted   null
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  use this to mapping .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  whitespace   controller
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator to have instructor information for a task .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  update   task
truth:  null   method

test:  retry a function and retry errors while getting fails .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  retry   retry
truth:  function   function

test:  fix the url so it is proper formatted and encoded .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  encode   fix
truth:  to   function

test:  returns a string .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   lx
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   elementnode

test:  return a fresh numpy array with points and the available points .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ljust -> string return a copy of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  change the object to be implemented in obj .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  obj   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a dict and return them to a tuple .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  string   a
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  returns version information .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  format   format

test:  verify signed api is via matplotlib api .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  return   a

test:  use a predicate to partition entries and partition entries into a list of iterable entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   a

test:  software resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   members

test:  the leading coefficient of f .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  null   product
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if a cache subnet groups exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  computes the parameters of a layer or group of the specified penalty to the parameters of the given penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  check if an image is present .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  if   set
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  make a username/password ca dirs .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  create   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  handle the signal from timeout in reverse order .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  start   handler
truth:  assure   null

test:  return a dict with specific service data for the provided service .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  interpolate inverse of the inverse of g .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inverse

test:  generates a binary string of a given base32 .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a local container path to a local filename .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  determine   swap
truth:  swap   swap

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with data loaded into memory .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  using   train
truth:  using   train

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  convert a datetime to a string .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of unique constraints for a given table .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sample a mixture from a mixture of integers .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  english string .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  string   a
truth:  null   cases

test:  gets the contents of this file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   load
truth:  gets   null

test:  convert items from paths .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  interpret   null

test:  compute the extension for a file based on its type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  compute   factory
truth:  guess   guess

test:  return all available chapters in a collection .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  return   a
truth:  query   query

test:  unignores a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  unignores   a
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the entry available for the plugins available by the top-level system .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  remove   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   filtering
truth:  add   add

test:  prepares a zone for running applications .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  prepares   a
truth:  halt   null

test:  return sample matrix format by sample seqs and check results .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  null   function
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get a csr from a request .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return true if data contains a table or .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the disk size .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a simple task to check if the nearest value should be requirement: by the default value .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  value   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  add a request to the server uri .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  add   a
truth:  email   email

test:  the main function .
truth: prints b . 
test:  null   print
truth:  prints   b

test:  decodes document to include_pat result post class arguments: document : the name of a polynomial adapter with setup/teardown .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  document   document
truth:  document   document

test:  check if a string is a framework .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   framework

test:  share the given child_node .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  saves   categories
truth:  make   null

test:  use the module: bit of a digital .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  moving   download
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract a "services" loss position by the real type and fix it .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  moving   null
truth:  return   a

test:  set input .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  set   get
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return a list of matrices that would change based on the passed object .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  perform   pivot
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   const

test:  compute log log probabilities .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of audio devices of sepcified kind .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the normalized norms of the input along a matrix .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  normalized   probabilities

test:  position must have same mode as arrays .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  call   position
truth:  compute   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  generate a csc unpickling file using the same interface .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  convert greater than one escaping in text to valid python objects .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   characters
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove a call['stderr']if application .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert a config can be changed on config class .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  run the given command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   a

test:  convert a string to bytes .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  restart the specified app with the given configuration .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  null   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  update the given patch this function was created by the given api patch it was created with the given apikey .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a website from the database .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return a fftsurr order step oscillator .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return info about the specified service .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  log error .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  error   warning
truth:  error   error

test:  validates a validation if dns is an rfc point string .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  validates   start
truth:  value   value

test:  creates disk value from exif space and return a image value .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  creates   operation
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  whether a site has stable cotangent .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a httpexception dialog with note that a uniquely is emitted .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  pushing   a

test:  format the overrides url for single django support .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  format   up
truth:  render   javascript

test:  access to the cached size size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  to   up
truth:  to   access

test:  return a server:port .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  if   =
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a symbolic float variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  split a logarithm into a flat cycle .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  split   split
truth:  to   try

test:  check that astropys ecliptic systems give different agent transforms the quantity operation .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  expand one service element .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  given   a
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a name of the dictionary to creates and accessible .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   utility

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  build a list of tuples .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  build   build

test:  test users .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   principal

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  checks if the given duration is either an audio duration of the current duration .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  loops   loops

test:  get a password for a password .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  get purpose stock object from user .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  get   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   osquery_flags
truth:  return   return

test:  unsubscribe or update notification for a user .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the stop 'fraction' = running the x = int .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  estimate   wrapper
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  load   set
truth:  gets   null

test:  get all list that match zero or more resource .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  lookup a connection to the given connection .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an explicit module from the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  tests whether the matrix youre function is either a list or the expected size .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  test   count
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  create an debug message .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  create   function
truth:  build   plaintext

test:  assert username/password lshift name .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  assert   validates
truth:  assert   assert

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  fixture that returns a enumval parameter and fake websocket use that returns a enumval queue .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  fixture   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  sysfs bcache bcache sysfs with bcache dev .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator for wamp event handlers .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parse one of the statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  string   string

test:  given a task name and a task object .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  given   entries
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a string with x replaced by a single space .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurs   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  look for events .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  look   function
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the number of keys in a hash .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new dict with new keys in the current dict .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper method to notify subscribers[operation] .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  null   api
truth:  send   a

test:  test that we can test that we can override a folder when they dont have an empty trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  return a module name from a module .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  imports   a

test:  intialize the module that are actually a substring .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  intialize   watch
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute adjacency crossentropy .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  compute   dist
truth:  return   return

test:  unify view that handle the 304 headers from the request .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  to   request
truth:  to   try

test:  replaces whitespace including tab and newline characters .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  replaces   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  select the *k* individuals from the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  find binary threads for given image from unable to have a report .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize_formset_dict -> a new attribute name .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check whether django messages of post messages .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  check   console
truth:  process   process

test:  svm_load_model -> model load a model from model_file_name and return a tuple of name .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  build html documentation in the given path .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   convert
truth:  build   scipy

test:  check for gogrid configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  returns the last post request .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  returns an element required for use in the zinnia .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test freezing a vcs encoded string options .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  objects   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return full path to the python build file options .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts incoming array .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  generate   decodes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an iterable containing a json deserialized json .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  return   obj
truth:  import   a

test:  handle parameters .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  grab   sets
truth:  module   module

test:  build a profiles .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  build   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  checks if html is taller .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  attributes   check
truth:  test   html

test:  converts a console instance to its associated cons info .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  the main function runs the bloggerexample application with the provided username and password values .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  null   options
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypt decrypt a given bytestring .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to create a file descriptor to emit the given file descriptor to stdout .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  function   set
truth:  mark   a

test:  compute a list into a string and pairs .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  compute   variant
truth:  encode   encode

test:  if the user has been reached .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  rotate given variables .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  return record data as a binary file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  return   function
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a dictionary with the mapping class for mapping .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test if the cuda dispatcher is initialized with cuda .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return users password information and changes from provided user .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  validate the xml file .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  validate   in
truth:  validate   a

test:  create a volume from a dataset_id for one element .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  produce a sequence of dataframe objects in the step .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   groups

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the database to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the title passed to the return title .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  null   function
truth:  given   a

test:  convert drivers and links to a text string .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  delete a job based on its id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  delete   returns
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a network_acl_name list of admin 'consistencygroup' .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  move history list .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   returns
truth:  move   back

test:  override encode a string with a signed encoder .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  encode   helper
truth:  base64   base64

test:  check if the chunk server is started on the arch .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  if   return
truth:  function   function

test:  make sure the response is discarded and has been added as input .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check if there is a single located containing numpy .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return common common return a list of common right needed for an right :py:class:optionparser .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all images on the image server .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  start the web server mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  extract unique id from cache file .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  updates   updates

test:  check a view to wait for request and wait for a view with http request .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  request   a
truth:  note   note

test:  when a good dataset .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  creates   test
truth:  function   function

test:  helper method for backends which creates all branch in the ccx dict .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  null   source
truth:  converts   converts

test:  given a dict of headers .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  given   a

test:  writes an tests .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  used to delete an block its block device .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  return the text of the object in this string .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  coerce the libcloud data into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  merges   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate a random string with alpha and return a random string .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  decorator to skip test unless at least one of commands is false .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parse the cursor if it is selected .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  helper function for displaying an javascript representation of the builtins .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the state of git release .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  display   display

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  gets proper int from the database or string to make it usable as an integer .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  gets   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a given dialog .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  display   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get sm sm volume id .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse the correctness print file .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   routine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  test that collection of visited notification report .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  test   test
truth:  send   send

test:  set the symbols of f(x) functions given functions .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  return   check
truth:  find   find

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  install the passed package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list of lists .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string containing the important assertion and hmac-sha256 up for the given data .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  returns   move
truth:  reads   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  checks the user settings .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  call   part
truth:  null   method

test:  all of the default monkey function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  do   null

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  find receivers from global tables in sender that should not be limited to the given signal .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  same as a 1 .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a parsed audio key for this video object .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  compare   show
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  this will be called when an exact process from the pending one .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get float with float array of vector3s .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  float   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set the requested user name the name of the server to use .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  set   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  check for service in the system .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  write   remove
truth:  null   windows

test:  compute discrete features between features .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  compute   year
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return the node that has line number from the node .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   null
truth:  obtain   line

test:  delete an updated search .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  stop   a

test:  compute a generalized interval of the current loglikelihood .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  length-byte stream from a seed of random data .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  determines if a file exists inside of the package specified .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  if   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if g are a groebner of the "e" .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  dictionary   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the information returned by the specified job id and their views .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json resource to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test whether two individuals can be supported .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   test

test:  test rasterization with jinja2 .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   image

test:  list the status related to be installed :return: a string representing information about each comparison cli example: .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  displays   a

test:  creates a folder and installs it from created .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  decode a case: header string into lines (as .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  the validator for each validator is set .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  null   validation

test:  return a disabled service with disabled service .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  replace the specified exception handler .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  email   null
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns a dict with all featured exploration summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the template layout that represents a given context .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  render   a

test:  given a policy .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  given   key
truth:  attach   a

test:  return a generator that preserves the specified num folder .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  read   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the metric configuration variables in the output .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  return   display
truth:  display   display

test:  redirect the redirect version of cat .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  source   return
truth:  if   check

test:  replace tan with tan function and cos/sin examples .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get packed geometry output by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   geometry

test:  create temporary file at the path .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  start a service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  run   update
truth:  get   a

test:  get the status of a cmd .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  install application-specific wmf image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   compute
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return a list of chunk_len chunks in chunks of arbitrary length .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  inserts special characters in xml .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  escapes   escape
truth:  function   function

test:  check the issue clause .
truth: load the data . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  load   load

test:  custom view for adding generators to a target .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  tokens   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a queryset containing only .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  studio the studio links .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create all translations from folder .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  create   place
truth:  write   a

test:  add a new affiliation record from a role .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   method

test:  return the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a scene is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  drawing   drawing

test:  compute tfr source localization .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  input   tfr
truth:  function   function

test:  get the line in a node .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  guess all files listed in a tuple of filenames .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   square
truth:  guess   guess

test:  returns the defined user .
truth: given a request . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  given   a

test:  save language to the specified location .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a resource protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load a python object from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  returns a zip dict of supported locales .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  known   find

test:  find a class from a given module .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  find   module
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is needed to be used with a javascript file representing the tinymce template tag names .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  un-pause containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  returns   containers
truth:  running   running

test:  generate the first word in the console .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generate   profile
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a python path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if a and bounds are consistent in the sympy state .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  entry point of a database .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  find   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  extract an documentation for the given content type .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  depending   =
truth:  extracts   null

test:  decorator to run a function in params are params .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  loads a private key .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  loads   transform
truth:  load   rsa

test:  convers required to match the given magenta spec .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  string   a
truth:  format   date

test:  generates list of font documents from git .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of pillar ids from the pillar data .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  password reset token and default user .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  reset   handle
truth:  view   view

test:  utility function to localize an error handler .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  translates   null

test:  takes a human-friendly list of open values .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  color   names

test:  move the clip .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  null   one

test:  this is for comparing a string .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  is   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a django engine from django store document .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  find an equal basis for the given basis .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  find   label
truth:  applies   null

test:  check if the named service is installed .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dict from a cursor as a dict .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  start ping task .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   celery
truth:  embedded   start

test:  returns a driver function of a sequence of elements .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return list of up to limit pre-processed entries from traceback .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  list   list
truth:  print   up

test:  contour the index of a list of points in corner .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  index   show
truth:  is   null

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  get sample character with numpy array .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  initialize   return
truth:  samples   samples

test:  wraps a file .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  null   return
truth:  am   am

test:  expects api to/from restful crud date for dev and updates an students .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  statement : statement statement that are statement .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  null   blocks
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests the given functions using methods that works like methods .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of available xblocks for the given user and visible .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  multiply f in k[x] using repeated polynomials in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   return
truth:  raise   f

test:  uploads signal for deleting a single user .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a upper and a upper amount of a upper root and a upper root and a upper different values than or
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  extract the version of libc .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specialized copy function into older than a list of tuples .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   dict
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return a callback for the application script .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  return   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  returns a driver instance for the given provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if user can access access to the course .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  bessel/thomson digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  null   digital
truth:  null   type

test:  return the nth moment of a random expression about condition i .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  disable specified key rotation for a key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  disable   get
truth:  get   status

test:  list contents of an etag .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  list   null
truth:  function   function

test:  merge two sorted objects into a single ii ii function .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  run the command .
truth: login to router . 
test:  command   null
truth:  to   login

test:  returns true if input can be used as an es .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  returns   input
truth:  change   change

test:  creates a fake pool from a dispatching: with .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  build   jobs
truth:  try   a

test:  this method returns a _schema wrapped by the options .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  return   encoding
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create a logit locator that can be used to perform basic locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the path to the latest root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create new event cache object after some "thing" is created .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  makes a file stored in a i1k shell .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns a string that merge all non tests to reverse prefixes .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  returns   module
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  decorator to provide a function returning an empty callback if there is a wrapper around the call .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  validate backupretentionperiod for dbinstance .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  null   dbinstance

test:  process the built-in expression .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  process   locale
truth:  display   a

test:  return the canonical article for the given format arguments: format -- the name of the given language code .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synchronized analyses .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  null   check
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure a parameter passed to 1 .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  ensure   default
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  returns a parsed text from the string .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  split   split

test:  computes the 3d principal vectors that are two elements of h] .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  null   a

test:  log out a knob .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  logs   service
truth:  used   null

test:  determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generates a dictionary from the specified query and their types .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check the software expr .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  translated   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check the names and return an error code .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  format the given number in bytes .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  format   format
truth:  file   file

test:  cache the dictionary key type .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  document   add
truth:  create   a

test:  get info about the available lamps .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  set   info
truth:  return   return

test:  set a user .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  ban   a

test:  returns dataset from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  databook   returns
truth:  databook   returns

test:  update the { bit 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  generate   h
truth:  compute   h

test:  get endpoint data from basepath .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  get   compare
truth:  build   page

test:  remove spurious records from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get ip address from the meta requests .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  ip   check
truth:  return   return

test:  split the list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  same as int(ceil(float(x)/y)) .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a non-fuzzy template .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  changes   django

test:  turn a exprexpr into a exprexpr expression .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the presence dict from the gts job id .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  user add .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  add   format
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if this function can be used in one of the line .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get the app_label .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new timestamp .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   task

test:  get the complex path .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the value into a string .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  to   helper

test:  accept the current line .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   numeric

test:  helper to get the given address and return a tuple .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  wait up a vm in a vm at the timeout in the vm to render a vm run on a certain session .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  wait   information
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  filter the specified exception in given exception .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  allow   loop
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  given a tree .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  given   null
truth:  apply   functions

test:  check table with non-existing table if it file is provided .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  file   test
truth:  test   failure

test:  cleverer an integer .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  to   null
truth:  count   count

test:  returns the total time for an ctf directory .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  object   object

test:  test some advanced maths .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone on specified slaves and a master .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create an instance type .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  function   function
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list with the value followed by the given value .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator for asynchronous asynchronous command .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return an event dict containing context names and obtained bindings ordered by three notation .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove all logging in the context .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  null   re
truth:  clear   null

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  make sure that this string does not contain a different string .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  test   a
truth:  function   function

test:  unpack a string and return patchset() sequence .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  run   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   pydoc
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  returns the wildcard letter file from path .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  build   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get or set the radial u'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' on a polar plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a bunch of installed actions .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  converts an xml string into an accountlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  no-op validation .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  null   control
truth:  null   dummy

test:  return true if the given class name can be found in a class .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a generator yielding the output file and returns a tuple .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   strings

test:  remove exactly and return true if master is a clean source code .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  create   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  require the language contenttype language .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  null   language

test:  creates a warning_class message with the given name .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  default behaviour of current user .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  index   index
truth:  null   events

test:  revoke - login from an clientsecrets file .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  revoke   cache
truth:  create   a

test:  test if a specific extension is installed cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  if   info
truth:  get   info

test:  return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to convert megacycles to checked for checked .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  replaces string with a numeric integer id .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  replaces   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  default literal block handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  default   literal
truth:  default   literal

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute polynomial composition f(g) in gf(p)[x] and a monic square-free polynomial f .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a dictionary containing default tests as a list of tool ids for the test database .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  default   find
truth:  build   build

test:  decorator that will s3 an s3 object to a file .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  takes   ssh
truth:  upload   a

test:  returns the internal node element .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   elements

test:  spatial threshold value of an image where each pixel is the same image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   null

test:  parses a named source .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  adds a dict to a queue .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  adds   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  add external account .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  add   authentication
truth:  verifies   new

test:  return the total opening to an infinite opening .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   fr

test:  update password password with the supplied password .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  update   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  coerce attributes .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  like   return
truth:  get   a

test:  sets an absolute value .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  adds everything from the dtlz4 and added to the end .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  adds   one

test:  validate a finnish social regex and return a valid dns name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the parameters in the process .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  return   params
truth:  missing   null

test:  add a package as an perl resource as a list of packages to be passed .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  add   returns
truth:  searches   searches

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents deletion .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   abs
truth:  apply   abs

test:  colorize sixattr color to put the given string .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  text   =
truth:  string   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get the text to the lists .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   method
truth:  get   get

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file object .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  set descriptor for a specified descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  transform   return
truth:  update   update

test:  get the indexes from other intersections .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   object
truth:  get   get

test:  left by decoder like :class:~bokeh .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a ctypes temp name its contents .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the human-readable time in seconds .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  return   return

test:  task delete .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  time   time

test:  computes the coefficient for the specified axis of the coefficient from being passed in the passed array .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  squares   section
truth:  computes   null

test:  return default .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a pairwise function with parallel conjugates .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of links .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  given   links
truth:  return   a

test:  create an defaults which can be triggered when using extra parameters .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  create   create

test:  generate an stub key from the config key .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  given   return
truth:  null   metadata

test:  build up to rgb dump image links to rgb .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  given   a
truth:  call   call

test:  verify that an auth response is not the google basic auth .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   http

test:  return a json object that represents a json object .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  render   render

test:  write cassandra cassandra associated with underscores .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  use   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get block devices allocated to instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get normalized components from a string that are invoked as a list of strings .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transforms   path

test:  get the value of an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return binary mask of value .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  result   result

test:  delete an inventory object from the provider for an provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  delete   up

test:  returns the configuration directory .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load a https bit records from a given data .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  create a host for inactive .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  convert module form name into the dict .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  string   request
truth:  null   a

test:  register the given application .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  register   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  context manager that creates a fake context .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  file   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  return the pids for processes matching a process .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  processes   processes

test:  renders a user in a comment status .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   return
truth:  renders   null

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return information controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of handlers .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   find

test:  compute an complex array of rectified info on mouse info .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  compute   n
truth:  round   round

test:  verify that an action is present and has a non-default attribute .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  skip test decorator for skipping a dynamic unittest object .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   loop
truth:  get   bevel

test:  returns the object to be used for a given type .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  code   code

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  a context manager for testing purposes .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  context   null
truth:  control   control

test:  given an event source mapping id or functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  room a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  leave   close
truth:  close   a

test:  get output from pacman .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  get   null
truth:  take   pacman

test:  find the pearson value of a random identifier in the xx dummy_product .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  find   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check whether a device is an local device .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  string   a
truth:  matches   device

test:  test that we can test cases in the nested command .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  test   test
truth:  context   context

test:  replace :func:subprocess in a container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  replace   attempts
truth:  files   files

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a json milestons as json column to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   null

test:  ensures a immediate parameter params from a valid simplify spec .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  set   set

test:  test that the censure signal is raised when the expected value of the range of the range [0 .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  test   check
truth:  null   difference

test:  parses the first leaf leaf .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  compares   detach
truth:  set   set

test:  look for the vbd that are attached to the vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  look   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  import a module .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  make sure that showing is running in the system is yes .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  make   remove
truth:  null   windows

test:  write an inset file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   a
truth:  to   null

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   metric
truth:  expected   null

test:  check the weights of an array .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  makes   minimum
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a special group is v .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return an orm instance back to $state_path .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  look   up

test:  save all minions from all returners that marks a specified jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  save   null
truth:  load   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   services
truth:  list   services

test:  check if the django user is actually being used .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  add or rst script .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  add   mark
truth:  adds   mathjax

test:  generate inverts command to put files into 755 directory .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return true if the given object is present in the list .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  return   process
truth:  ensure   null

test:  common configuration variables required by configuration in the request processor .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  log   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the conch key to use in key exchange .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   error
truth:  get   a

test:  open an action -> qaction with the given parent document .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  create   action
truth:  open   open

test:  n346 - dont use deprecated .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  run either the free loop .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parse all type in the format beginning of a cloud space .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the page from the page specified in the page .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  only load the module if htpasswd is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  unlock master .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  search   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  restful crud controller - used for new-style an services - used for people the default table .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return drive free .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   drive
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an required reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  checks if the given child field can be exported .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compare   compare

test:  set a user name and .
truth: set user name . 
test:  add   sets
truth:  set   user

test:  create a directory path for storing operations .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a worker conflict .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to get/create an anonymous users .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  loads comprehension with salt-run separator .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  loads   error
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  factory for a value .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  read key from paths and return dict .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  cd parsing headers .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  test   test

test:  create a weakly ip address for the given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  create   null
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the http http fetcher .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  turns on a specific value into a list of all the vms and the same name .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  regression test for bug ensures that passing the angular angle give a good numpy array with lat .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  doing   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a set of tuples to a tuple of scopes .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   f
truth:  convert   f

test:  returns the test test runner .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create create ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   ipsecpolicy

test:  plot style parameters x : array .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  removes the old metadata from the store transcripts from the store .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  renames   null

test:  given a number of bytes n on the integer n .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   integer

test:  removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  contact add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  unindent all docdict settings .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  use   network
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  event: add another coroutine to a coroutine value .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  if its length of a variable .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  function   watch
truth:  unsets   a

test:  return a random string of specified length .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  setup a resource view across a group of models .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  issues   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  publish a review review request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  return   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  returns the unicode text from the unicode text .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make pidlockfile scenarios with scenarios .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  set   set
truth:  make   a

test:  return dictionary mapping identifers to properties .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  dictionary   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates 303 prompt based on normal role .
truth: create a role . 
test:  null   register
truth:  create   a

test:  user to add a user this user and add it to the user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  allows   a

test:  show all user info .
truth: print help message . 
test:  show   show
truth:  help   help

test:  statement : location equals number .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   number

test:  load a module from a module .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  load   import
truth:  load   load

test:  return info about the directive .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  subtract   start
truth:  combine   null

test:  get a dict returns the first search attribute string .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  find   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  run a series of an existing request .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the relative distance between two strings a and b .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  set   check
truth:  measures   null

test:  fillet a gcode file or gcode text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  dimension   null
truth:  feed   feed

test:  get flavor access for flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  get nodes appropriate for the given node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  city city .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   reset
truth:  code   code

test:  helper functions to create a proper entry .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  create   a

test:  event: add another coroutine to a coroutine .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for views that checks if user is required .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  view   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  compute unique autocorrelations measure both x and y operations .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   make_imbalance
truth:  compute   compute

test:  event database objects to be sent in our database .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  db   post
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run a local index on the given index .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  save   null
truth:  index   index

test:  convert a minimum hex value to a python string .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  decode   decode

test:  list all users in this course .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   users

test:  set names and initialize a node value from remote statement .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  null   appends
truth:  typing   null

test:  fake parsing random number .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  inject review request objects that have been enabled for the course defined by course_key .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  return   data
truth:  set   params

test:  return a carved javascript from a show form view .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  called   null

test:  run the given json loop and return a json like exit .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   a

test:  return the admin_username .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for functions that are not required to new function .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dict with keys from the lists .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  return   update
truth:  return   a

test:  produce a collection attribute for a single target .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the data for firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  function   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  search through a method size from an up location .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  search   upload
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a binary representation of a given pattern or a type .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   element

test:  recursively copy parameters .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  enable   sets
truth:  encapsulates   null

test:  close the object holding a iter_except where 1 .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  testing   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  open the blob devices .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  open   find
truth:  generate   a

test:  populate pending tasks .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  encode   sets
truth:  add   add

test:  return the rich-club number of edges in g .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  takes a list of tags and returns a list of the corresponding tags and filter that returns a list of tags .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  takes   -
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  update default tag with fastq data from the given tag .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  update   a
truth:  make   a

test:  gets a migration instance by name .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve all release-group records for the given list .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  return   a

test:  user view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  this function is the polynomial interpolation .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  function   passwordless
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  install a package with ssh ssh key .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  main program inner process .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  runs   fixes
truth:  expected   null

test:  you can override this include modules when a worker start .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  return   x
truth:  ensure   null

test:  only work on openbsd systems with openbsd .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  work   null
truth:  work   work

test:  filter a value and return a string .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  create   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  module   implements
truth:  implements   implements

test:  see get_jobs() can be running a boolean and get total number of dependencies of dicts .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  see   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get a default value .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  get   return
truth:  help   help

test:  sort nodes currently defined in the original order .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   items

test:  load current user from instances to context .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  load   authentication
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the partition keywords to a partition .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a to memoize a sequence of functions that allows memoized functions to return value .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  memoized   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  subtract a function allowing us to the leading and .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  label   remove
truth:  use   use

test:  render javascript that embeds html .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  render   a
truth:  return   html

test:  this function takes a list of messages that can be used to perform any additional messages .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  find executable in the unix given path .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  find   a
truth:  search   search

test:  used by every xml records that have a particular item .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  used   null
truth:  called   null

test:  displays an coincidence form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  computes the png file metadata given the png format where each value is closest than the specified format .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  computes   image
truth:  scale   scale

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  return if the virtualenv exists inside a virtualenv .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  destroys the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  destroys   null
truth:  to   null

test:  opens the given file .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  opens   init
truth:  logging   logging

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  run worksheet on "faster" signal .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  a multipart dict merging the result of a ebs instance .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  null   variant
truth:  start   a

test:  capture the specified firewall .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a raw graft .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  parse   helper
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the region name for the given region code .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  check doctypes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  null   events
truth:  patch   patch

test:  un-pause containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  null   return
truth:  restart   restart

test:  restricted restricted request .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  code   controller
truth:  null   handler

test:  convert a transformation that is suitable for inclusion in a given pytz module .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  converts   t

test:  convert text to a number .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  yaml: monitor-folders this plugin shows the build as an xcode project .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  helper to copy all attributes from normal attribute on the given dataproviders .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  wraps   a

test:  runs a command on the element .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   cmdline

test:  returns a team string representation of a team with the given team .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the string representing a human-readable file .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return an app_label metrics for name in the value .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   return
truth:  change   change

test:  returns a list of locale modules .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  save   arrays
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  complete   null

test:  return a random user id for the specified user .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fake example with an event button .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  domain   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  return   cssname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function puts the 1s and collects them in 0 .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  arrays   return
truth:  search   search

test:  url for a type library library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  support   support
truth:  check   check

test:  get a list of traffic server promo .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   traffic

test:  adds a new nick in the query to the given target .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  helper function to convert a value to a stream .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  attempt to run the homebrew database cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  get   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the packages for a working directory .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  run   run

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_photo service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  makes sure the use of jquery animations is enabled .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  makes   returns
truth:  enable   jquery

test:  step rules .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  replace a list of 3f' .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   titles
truth:  remove   names

test:  convert the network devices to json file .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  run   entities
truth:  model   model

test:  parse response .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  iterator   django
truth:  parse   json

test:  view for testing with the appropriate response code .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  view   redirect
truth:  call   call

test:  create a phone build operation .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  converts   number

test:  parse one or more tuples into tuples .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  converts   m
truth:  to   callback

test:  return the regexp representation of object_list .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator: get_option prompt for powerpath .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  update ada1 .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  update   network
truth:  update   update

test:  return all closed issues from each issue in the list of issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  return   list
truth:  issues   issues

test:  test written written .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   ticket

test:  check the override and add .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   a

test:  check the source for the specified zone from the specified zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  install   a

test:  checks for api range and returns whether test needs to be out of configured microversion range and returns whether test microversion range for configured microversion range is out .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  select   microversion

test:  parse the <ins> sequence into a tuple of dimensions .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set student of a new exam .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  check   return
truth:  mark   a

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   path
truth:  search   search

test:  create a model with plot input .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  text   a
truth:  assumes   null

test:  converts a string representation of tokens in its supplied string .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   a

test:  outputs a last-modified header for datetime and outputs an outputs .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   verifies
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  decorator for demo test if n is a single call .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  null   install
truth:  null   basis

test:  [base] polynomials for computing autogenerated model g .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  return   a

test:  get collection with a collection .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  this tweet update function .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  null   release
truth:  hide   hide

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  return   load
truth:  require   null

test:  find option in the given path .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  find   search
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes the optimizer file from operating rules .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  make   a

test:  write content at html and return the given html .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  content   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  return the samps[ position of two events at most events .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  return   null
truth:  concatenate   event

test:  checks if the given range is sympy within the range of two dimensional .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the intermediate location from begin .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  basic configuration configuration and the parameteri configuration .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  null   view
truth:  -   -

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  temperature   a

test:  invert a list of rows from a single element .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  regression test for a random location that is an empty header .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  return   test
truth:  make   null

test:  tokenize a line up whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenize   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  union   union
truth:  appends   appends

test:  used for an ipython extension .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  used   null
truth:  load   load

test:  get a config object .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  guess a mimetype .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  called   null

test:  test that a non-existing 3 compatible way .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  test   time
truth:  check   length

test:  perform the id .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  null   function
truth:  mark   a

test:  returns an encoder for a group field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return dictionary of all certificate objects which is "s" from database .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  request   request

test:  setup the erroroninsteon alarm switch .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  make the full version of a package or test .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  add   add

test:  double : simple_stmt .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a single bytestring file format by a given binary string .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   output
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return obj for an object or scalar or scalar .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  missing   null

test:  only small python 2 .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   in

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the weights of the given sample .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  log   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  mozilla and apply an image to contain commas .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  chop   chop

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  regression test for a bug in the sql column exceptions .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  publish a demo collection collection and setup it in a yaml collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  parses a cookie value from a cookie value .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  parses   function
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  return a custom glanceclient object populated with metadata for this auth .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set equivalent si units for l-levels .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  changes   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if the timezone module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  list multivariate 'alias/' key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   master
truth:  list   list

test:  return compactionstats info cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  return the repository name for the given repository .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   keys

test:  return a function that wraps subsection if it is enabled .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  set up the metric class .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  to   null
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  find if the provided connection object has an object that has a specific method .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  if   find
truth:  if   find

test:  builds an grr instance .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  builds   email
truth:  null   null

test:  optimizes the full tables or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  optimizes   null
truth:  repairs   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  work   work

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a binary int to binary string if any int .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  hex   hex

test:  format the date and value for git .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  format   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return boolean from json output table fail because we havent json from the json output .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   json

test:  create an schemas list for a given schema file .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  creates   convert
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a blob from .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  lists the creds for a tenant_id association .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  get   state

test:  create a function that will make a model for some make_color .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  create   store
truth:  function   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  merge two single sequence into a single generator function .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merge   mros
truth:  merges   mros

test:  indent text with each line parameter .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  parse the output of an xml string .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  parse   user
truth:  null   user

test:  get json activity for matching changes as json .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a servicepair that uses pool for testing remotevolumemanager .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  take 'browser' information from 'browser' .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  return   python
truth:  if   null

test:  return the shape of the current frame .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  return   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  set a key in the unset requests .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the amount of display time until the hard disk sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  format an api url .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  format   a
truth:  releases   releases

test:  compute the n-th expansion of f(x) .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  rewrite   find
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  empty   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check a simple dataverse_add_user_account is in a space-separated clsid .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  search   converts
truth:  creates   a

test:  convenience wrapper around absolute path .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  null   following
truth:  copy   a

test:  test whether byte string can be disabled .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  register a keys in a dict as keys .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  gives   register
truth:  push   element

test:  write a file .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  to   permissions
truth:  get   get

test:  find an steps in a graph that would have some new chunks to get us : none .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  find   up
truth:  plan   plan

test:  create a role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  add   service
truth:  create   a

test:  returns path where host is located in the directory where host a given sdk .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  helper to create the byte tuple into a list of instance ids from a instances dictionary .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  capture a mongodb resource from the pool and return a new one .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  concatenate   a

test:  return a random graph number of edges .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  conditional access to server response if applicable is present .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  null   wsgi

test:  return package name of all python modules in package in package .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   root

test:  returns link to weblate weblate url .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  queries the given api .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  time   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return a dict of permission courses .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a reduced file with f .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  create   polynomial
truth:  compute   a

test:  execute a query and return a list of statements needed to call the sql statement and regular expression .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  execute   sql
truth:  perform   null

test:  filters a sequence of objects by applying a test to each object .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  sleep for the system .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  halt   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  configure the wx command-line interface .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  install   install

test:  like node .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string describing an instances id from a state object .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install pyenv state .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   cast
truth:  install   pyenv

test:  configure the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  execute   configure
truth:  configures   configures

test:  consume interpolate channels to bad form .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  prepare   pick
truth:  null   null

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test existence of a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   existence
truth:  test   existence

test:  detect health .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  begin begin with correlation for the undirected key .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  abbreviate   guess
truth:  function   function

test:  the sort ell object for a sort entity by column .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  calculates   sort
truth:  apply   apply

test:  used for old-class .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  null   ^

test:  return colormap of the given image .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  return   return

test:  add or sets the statisticians state to the given state path .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  add   add
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  raise an exception if the expression is true .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  raise   dicts
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  convert text into a dns rdata type value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  text   return
truth:  text   text

test:  if metadata is currently set by this table .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   yaml
truth:  emit   yaml

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroys   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  check whether the given version is a tuple containing the specifying code and has cache code .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  get   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get a vcenter type name .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorator to resolve a config and mark it into a master document .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  to   pass
truth:  if   null

test:  makes the aware from a datetime .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper function to return a cuda url for a regex value .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  default dashboard to login dashboard .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  null   activity
truth:  null   null

test:  install one of the gettext domain for values that was previously registered with a new .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  check to make sure the default props[u'linelength'] match the input plot .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  checks that the expr has been rewritten using f -> f(x) arg : -x .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  error   error

test:  takes a list of taxa summaries and summaries .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  sorts   null

test:  read a binary file .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  read   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  extract filters .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  extract   parses
truth:  extract   rest

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other modules .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   null

test:  load a test suite from a python object .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of vms on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the restful handler for a django compressor .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  the loader created by edit the event runtime .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  server   module
truth:  loads   a

test:  scenario description takes a scenario .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  imports   expand
truth:  null   description

test:  takes a text string and returns a string of numbers .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  add the given path for a given python path .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  tests low of low matrix with elements of array elements .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  source   issue
truth:  test   test

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  fixture providing a readlinebridge template .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  to   url

test:  remove css class from css to string .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  converts expr in sympy expression to a normal form .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  ascii   ascii
truth:  function   function

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  check sparse results for sparse and _row isolation .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  check   isolation
truth:  check   check

test:  return netstat routing information for route .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  add hosts .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   a
truth:  host   host

test:  update the schema plugins .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  update   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check to see if whitespace satisfies the right version .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  make   null

test:  run the resource method to wrap a resource with the multiline request .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  testing   request
truth:  enable   a

test:  return the int from a dict .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  like   a
truth:  null   in

test:  save the file to disk .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  save   a
truth:  saves   null

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read a generic string .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  read   null
truth:  decode   a

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create gdb script to a temporary file .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  config   a
truth:  source   a

test:  add a prefix to a url .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  add   a
truth:  url   url

test:  return a hermitian matrix .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  return   data
truth:  left   null

test:  gives mute preferences with given exploration_id of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  fetches   mute
truth:  gives   mute

test:  add a new instance of the api being used to each new instance of the successful new plugin .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  normalize an encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a wall from a dialog with the title .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  dont html tags from jinja .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  null   strips
truth:  text   text

test:  the default workers in footer .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  default   null
truth:  add   race

test:  the web page to raise a previewed error .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  null   equality
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the index of the data set .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   a

test:  return an on/off socket for use by default .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  set up memoize decorator .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  caches   caches

test:  compute dipole targets .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   assert
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   gpu

test:  a helper function to render the default license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  null   in

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   console

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  reduce the fakes strength by adding given prim to outer .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  reduce   compute
truth:  calculate   primary

test:  return a random int .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk file match after a file extension .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generator that wraps a function to declare .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  run a test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  escape invalid characters in a string .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  require a mysql user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare the replication arn .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  compare   helper
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  converts the given string into an adatetime .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  converts   xml
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  check if filename is a valid platform .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   validator

test:  like timesince .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  like   indexing
truth:  calls   calls

test:  converts dtype to stata types .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  converts   numpy
truth:  maps   numpy

test:  set new audio output output device status .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  process   configures
truth:  configures   configures

test:  convert data to user .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  convert   example
truth:  provide   data

test:  arr object matrix to [0 .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  object   sequences
truth:  regularized   null

test:  if a column is present .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  if   a
truth:  given   null

test:  converts a formated version string into a profileentry shell string .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  converts   read
truth:  returns   entities

test:  return the list of all cover art .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  restore   image
truth:  get   get

test:  generic initialization to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   generic

test:  this is a decorator to make a list containing a tree of a tree containing information .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  makes   create
truth:  convert   a

test:  established the given url in /etc/modprobe .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  detects   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  determine if the server supports the given url and timeout the timeout for the current session .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  find   memory

test:  returns the class object for a class .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  validates the current request keys that have no axes in the specified config keys .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test a valid before and the test from having an entity .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  open a database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   sign
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return the endpoint absolute path type of a webdriver instance .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  like timesince .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  calls   calls

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates an expression that contains the value that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  efficient geometric unit function .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  import   null
truth:  init   init

test:  asserts the specified element matching the specified path matches exactly one element matching the specified regular expression .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  the version of disabled .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  null   version
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of ast .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  visit document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   document
truth:  document   document

test:  sets the state of a training estimator .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  get the credit credit user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  writes hold its accessing_obj .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a new dataset with a dataset_id derived from the given blockdevice_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  port   a
truth:  create   a

test:  accepts quadrature as a tuple of third and variance storage data .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  is   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to do not have multiple values .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  error checking for unary/binary one of routines that should not be rewritten .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  cache-ing version of scipy .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  call   call

test:  convert a string to a single filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine if a user is visible as visible .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  set up a celery task .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   task

test:  convert text into a list of markdown strings .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all available images .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  a wrapper around posix id .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  null   return
truth:  convert   posix

test:  get ordered ordered loops from boundary .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  ordered   get
truth:  ordered   get

test:  run run a subprocess .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   conda
truth:  run   conda

test:  password return its user .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  password   password
truth:  password   password

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  return the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a intercept intercept matrix with intercept parameters coefs : ndarray the number of steps .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  create   null
truth:  produce   linear

test:  fork -> str arguments: pid : boolean .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the number of token .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution is a version of distribution .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  get the logical group id group given python version .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  object   serializer
truth:  null   method

test:  for pil image .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the start with good manager is named .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  block   null
truth:  make   null

test:  a context manager to create a secret model defined at runtime .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  returns a dict with one of the exploration objects .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  round   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  reads the current cache based on the cache if it was created .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  reads   null

test:  save a process in an environment .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  save   function
truth:  is   null

test:  build a dataframe for the given curve and add the curve multiline down .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   a

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of resource names .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  set   up
truth:  get   a

test:  generates a new image record for evaluation slice .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  executes   az
truth:  reads   null

test:  return info about a tablespace of a postgres server .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  make   dictionary
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  convenience function to delete a file if present .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   data
truth:  write   a

test:  return the file .
truth: main function . 
test:  return   ssh
truth:  function   function

test:  a shortcut for the given code in a production expression .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  removes   anything

test:  decode a base64 encoded string .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  converts   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  setup the region in an image .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  null   projection

test:  return data to a dict of keys .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the precedence coefficient of type n from a given number .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  get   root
truth:  returns   returns

test:  exit & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  test using a numerically stable reference sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  for multi-line aware utc date .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  view for extensions .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  find a task of task value .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a full projects from an projects file name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the file path directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup root for setting a library .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  undoes   null

test:  api: send a test to notification windows .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   call
truth:  stop   a

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  gets the default available object from the default data .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  275 calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   calendar

test:  sets the wrapper from one block .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve a quota usage usage or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   quota
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  computes factor for preprocesses and generalized side of a buffer or wrapper around regression .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  computes   matrix
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yaml: set set critical for a set .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  verify transport to a host .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   open
truth:  verify   a

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the combinations of sparse matrix with infinity d1 .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  return   sample
truth:  taken   example

test:  clear filter pattern in the logical cache .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  clear   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform registration on remote server with provided info .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  perform   sync
truth:  gets   registration

test:  return key descending .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  look up a metadata key and returns the values of a reference to data .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  look   a
truth:  if   null

test:  rebuild function which returns changed without modifying the tests .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  function   return
truth:  to   try

test:  list languages languages to the given root .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  list   database
truth:  cache   translation

test:  create a course based on the organization number of days containing the organization number of courses in the organization number .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   get
truth:  create   a

test:  get path specified in unicode transaction .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   user

test:  get public ip with one or more public ip .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  get   null
truth:  list   list

test:  download and extract dataset from alexs website .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   cifar10

test:  returns true if the object is next .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fix multiple python threads in parallel .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  this function is called on a unique variable name .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  function   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  transform the sha1 and only safe code and only safe for a single identifier and only .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a srs object from a map of its children ordered by the object .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  return   list
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   sequence
truth:  adds   null

test:  create a window arguments .
truth: return a window . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  numpy version of args .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  null   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the function takes a transaction and wait for python2/3 .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  set   set

test:  return the basename string where parsing some leaf of the data .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  cleanup   send
truth:  command   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the exact linear b-spline algorithm .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  minimize   returns
truth:  null   equations

test:  prints a list of tuples .
truth: print this help . 
test:  prints   display
truth:  print   print

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  look for a spm plugin by the spm name .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  look   dictionary
truth:  find   find

test:  resolves the object to an ssl constant .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  like   like

test:  returns the region name that is a phone number .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  load fixture data .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  profiling   performance
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  simple function to add an argument to a string .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  function   requirements
truth:  null   a

test:  given a task summary of the initializing functions .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a directory on directory .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  generate indices from argname support .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  object   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return an xml element containing irc atom .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  func   details
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the first pack from the first ref for the resource reference .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validate a validator value in the log and return a option for option .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list the currently installed packages as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes one or more model instances .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  deletes   one
truth:  delete   one

test:  return the linear partial coefficient of a function that can advance a .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  return   a

test:  restart the timezone .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  cached   check
truth:  null   null

test:  like text .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of fvwi numbers of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  byte   byte
truth:  byte   byte

test:  configure the control node from the given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   flocker
truth:  configure   configure

test:  formats a date according to the given arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  set and return true if request is installed .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the user .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  calculate the email after group msg = none .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  if   null
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return a string representing the current time in seconds .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a valid route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  given   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  see if a user has completed .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  determine the given pil .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator to check the guest methods are called before reloading .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as a <<= b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  create a network security_group .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the fast groups corresponding to groups along a set of values .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  sorted   null

test:  patches a function that returns both creation and invoke a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  patches   a

test:  return a list of views that are views of the given resource .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the use of command-line arguments .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns organizations list .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  generates juggle link from axes .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return the named tuple .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  return   query
truth:  output   parameter

test:  find an instance of a :class:fontkey font entry by extracting a function .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  find   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get path and values in config by name .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  get   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  given an artist .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  given   null
truth:  input   input

test:  init rules in enforcer .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   register
truth:  init   init

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  gets the list of objects of the type specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  get interfaces passed in a dict .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  interfaces   null
truth:  provide   a

test:  decorator that applies a function to the appropriate user .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  associate associate through the given power of integer .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  indexes   console
truth:  converts   a

test:  check to see if the table has the database .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  known   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to path .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   a

test:  set new fullscreen fullscreen .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  redirects everything to the given rewritegluon status .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  forces   config
truth:  routes   routes

test:  rotates setting in movie and site and frames and site and frames .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  command   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  compute the pdf of an pdf unit .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  compute   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  sizes of linear operators .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  null   op1
truth:  divide   one

test:  input a network from the network .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  input   a
truth:  return   return

test:  sanity check for hash in sequence .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  partitions   a
truth:  null   a

test:  safely delete a file descriptor for a given path .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute an expression with quadratic quadratic quadratic quadratic function .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  null   *
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field type .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  checked   create
truth:  checked   create

test:  build setuptools for taking into one string .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  build   return
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns obj - the given object to unicode string .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  obj   encodes
truth:  makes   null

test:  create a new string for ftp cross suffix given the string and total data .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  create   replace
truth:  return   a

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  scharr   scharr

test:  retrieves dhcp options for an dhcp vpc .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  retrieves   vpc
truth:  finds   a

test:  kegg kegg - can be "turtle" at target :type can be "turtle" or update_all - target database .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  null   conv
truth:  link   link

test:  update an fileserver backend .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  get   a
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the first item in the list for which function is true .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a template exists and dumps in the default name .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  if   link
truth:  require   null

test:  return the specified function spec .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  call   a

test:  verify that a file with the given path exists and is a valid path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  method gce as an gce policy .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  value   debug
truth:  update   update

test:  parses a python source code .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  parses   connect
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test reading a table with 'a'] column header .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  this function is used to debian to the this process .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   worker

test:  fetches the list of avatar documents containing the given connection and log them .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an user from the database .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the specified service cli example: .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  counts the number generator .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  is   compare
truth:  return   number

test:  transform a transformation into a tuple .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  logs out the user .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  logs   sign
truth:  log   log

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  generate pprint function .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  generate   *
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  use various 'sector .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  create a class instance .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of images in the grid file .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  returns   notification
truth:  to   utility

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this sets the default client .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  null   worker

test:  print an error message to stderr if an ip address was resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return status for a new push .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  return   display
truth:  to   push

test:  returns a boolean if a forum role exists .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  return systemd and an executable for a python module .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  returns   systemd
truth:  get   os

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add to backup files and delete the given backup .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  tars   null

test:  unpack a sequence to moref elements .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  null   null
truth:  unpack   sequence

test:  tests that its easy to custom the exception type wrapper .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  accept   tests
truth:  to   tests

test:  copy files from the docstring and return a list of filenames .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  files   script
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns true if the url belongs to falsenetloc .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  read a single edmonds-karp algorithm using the global value .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  store   a
truth:  find   a

test:  access the path to the parent log file .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all services by hostname and topic it listens to .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a fixed ip address from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the purchase from a queue .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   return
truth:  incoming   get

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  parse a picture plugin read from a picture buffer .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  place an avatar avatar to a service .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  testing   user
truth:  render   render

test:  display command value through the typename .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  command   a
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a reader to its object language parameters module : keyword arguments phonenumber .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return logged_in_users information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   logged_in_users
truth:  return   return

test:  used to install a message to an depth .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  null   fallback

test:  attach a queryset points counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   role

test:  return the status of an pid file .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  does the binary matrix into numpy array .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  sample   version
truth:  null   factor

test:  add vertex element to each element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   vertex
truth:  add   vertex

test:  show lasso positions .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  plot   signal
truth:  callback   callback

test:  it computes an normalized average absolute maximum error .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  computes   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  log into loggers for the given logger .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  log   null
truth:  set   a

test:  set the system settings and .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a phone value and converts it in a phone string .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the beginning geometry object from the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check to see if a instance name exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  perform the extension mobile any nsn mobile .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  return   length

test:  delete one or more config lines from the hypervisor .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  mock   one
truth:  delete   one

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get the posix path of the module path .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  get   return
truth:  initialize   null

test:  build a document to match the json document .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  build   rule
truth:  cached   null

test:  solves x order order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   1st
truth:  solves   null

test:  generator for the astropy cipher .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  post   a
truth:  put   put

test:  true if the node is in the target node .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  sets the local tunnel types .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  sets   validate
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new theano matrix with no broadcastable dimensions .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if ip address exists .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  added   remove

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  require required version representation this module parameters .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  collect   check
truth:  git   git

test:  is there an example: .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   self

test:  return a list of grains .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  return   vms
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that an none is a valid python id .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format datetime object for datetime .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  format   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  helper function to find a set of variables that are not set the function .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  attaches   a

test:  add a recent tile key in recent series/index name .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   add

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  return   a

test:  return the signature of static data .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  return   tuple
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns the path to the directory that contains this directory .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  weblate   returns

test:  get the geometry directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dom sequence of items inside a database .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random sentence-like string .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks to see if the current user has attained a given permission .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  decorator for caching that allows testing to override a cache call this cache .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find a common element in the parent b .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  find   function
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a += b .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  add   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all objects of previous traffic .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  emulate   topics
truth:  consume   entire

test:  idlist : idlist ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  language: snippets with verbosity .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  dummy view that is requested with get response .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  function   scan
truth:  null   health

test:  generate method/test volume types in repeats files to elemwise state_category: data to populate the output files .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  a decorator that asserts that the function functions .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns file name .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   sync
truth:  file   file

test:  return true if the string in floating point .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   return
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return the directory path for a file .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  inspects error message value for a valid set of name from a user since this is not built by a sample value .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  inspects   value
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a staff user .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  restrict   null

test:  decorator to add a test to an attribute of the decorated view .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   factory

test:  load a template from a given template .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  load   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this view generates cart cart from the redemption database .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  view   cart
truth:  null   method

test:  send a multiline yaml .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   a

test:  creates a list of layer below one layer from this layer .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check if a string has come by the known length .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   key

test:  return snmp data from a stream .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  return   sign
truth:  check   check

test:  test the powerschedule data with shape erfa functions .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  producing   checks

test:  decode go data into an eface object .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   type

test:  decorator to mark a task to be ignored as being used .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  null   install
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  generate a polynomial of expression .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  construct   lagrange

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   quotas
truth:  check   quotas

test:  print all archive option for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  create a transaction database .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   a

test:  for each instance stored in |names| .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  specified   store
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the shape with name .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extend   window

test:  get the front with loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   print
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that ensures that the specified names exists .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  claim a worker entry from the worker .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  claim   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  reset text .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  text   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  run a python package with .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  is   a
truth:  build   a

test:  updates the latest database refresh the name of the package database cli example: .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  run   run
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scenarios have hashes with inline comments and yet dont consider them as comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  have   scenarios
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  default page: displays all files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split the path components into a multiline line components .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  convert timestamp to a flat calendar .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  set error status .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  testing   values
truth:  make   strings

test:  force connection information to be run in the request .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  force   return
truth:  request   request

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  install a function using running the aws environment and return a new command-line tool with the result is run in the given init .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  run   run

test:  return attributes of user ids that helps to be failedtorewriteuser .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  rewrites   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  tests that creation are always testing .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  tests   revision

test:  load load .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  parses   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  execute gf_csolve .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  -   function
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dictionary with top keys from any top keys .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  null   a

test:  in env .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  run   unittest

test:  clone the clobbering alignment structure for a single feature .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  generate a theme from the footer .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  end : simple_stmt | newline | small_stmts | newline | testlist .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for whitelisting senders .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the egg from the distribution .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  copy fields from src to a dst .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   structure

test:  convert data using the salt .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  format   a
truth:  like   like

test:  price joined number of pairs .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  null   return
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  parses a dataset of example features from dequeue .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   section
truth:  reject   reject

test:  format a python date in iso 8601 format and return a python date object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the racadm command is installed .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  load   load

test:  a simple inclusion_two_params for a textual representation .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get the shape of axes from axes .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  get   run
truth:  return   shape

test:  remove document elements from all elements of the given document .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute linear kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieves a service manager .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  retrieves   initializer
truth:  detect   null

test:  compute a bound .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   attempts
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the function index .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  port of ports interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  null   type
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  computes standard mri norm with difference between two elements .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generate a waist z from the waist of a stringio stream .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return markdown fields in markdown .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  value   doctype
truth:  text   text

test:  list of explicit writing usage: .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  resets   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return polynomials function that return appropriate symbol corresponding to the symbol at the specified symbol .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  a release thread to acquire the specified period .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  null   functions
truth:  block   block

test:  convenience workaround for internal compress with the binary documentation of a stream .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  tokenize   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  regression test for bug modeladmin the expected altaz .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  to   character
truth:  check   check

test:  return the mean(x) random variables .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   x

test:  wrapper to print xml xml xml element and comments .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  to   sets
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  this method wraps javascript with a new set of html urls that wraps the old fragment and parameters into the form /static/ .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  updates   updates

test:  perform the setup for vera controller platform .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  find   find
truth:  perform   null

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  check computes the limit for an precision + fsm .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  check   null
truth:  test   precision

test:  returns none if the column exists and g2 for column .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  return   return

test:  convert worksheet string to a single space .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  get   roles

test:  get inset path .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   chain
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a dict or name in a key .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  function   function

test:  create a review version of both l1 and send it to a binary documentation .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  create   information
truth:  resolve   null

test:  review a screenshot containing: a screenshot at a particular ui .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  endpoint   view
truth:  displays   a

test:  unix time .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  time   add
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a config object .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  return   restart
truth:  cached   null

test:  configure the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  configure   update
truth:  update   update

test:  returns a simple user uid for the given user .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  convert   user

test:  returns a full url with the given url .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  takes a soundcloud url and returns a formatted url and returns a false if http xkcd url is false .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  opens filename using encoding .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  filename   data
truth:  load   data

test:  takes any urls from a string that yields multiple data from a regular expression .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  generates   download
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  retrieve manifest file .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  obtain   a
truth:  stack   stack

test:  guess the method and store it to the arguments after a certain method .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  given   attempt
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restore config here .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restore   metadata
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creates a bracket directory on the given path .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  creates   register
truth:  make   worker

test:  checks if arguments is a key .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  if   sets
truth:  substitute   a

test:  evaluate t-test error metric .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  convert the given object into a course id .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  function   function

test:  status for the zone_id python summary tests .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  function to load a invalidtemplatelibraryspecified library notation .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  if   imports
truth:  load   a

test:  test for issue 257 .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   linkcolumn

test:  return a filename in code if it isnt a char code .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  return   a
truth:  code   code

test:  return the filename from a filename .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  return the device partitions specified by the device path .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  array   array

test:  given an image .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  given   size
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator that reads the records in a dataset .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  open   generator
truth:  null   level

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return full module name of a module .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  return   module
truth:  gets   a

test:  build a campaign feed item used for a given platform .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the chi-squared statistic from negative distribution .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  return   return
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  flatten all information to a ttfdict for their ttfdict .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return the path where provider path is executable .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes in the container path .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  restart the game configuration and the given process on the given server .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  generates the old-style int for a progress image .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  generates   converts
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a single package with pkg_delete name the name of the package to delete .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   packages
truth:  remove   a

test:  run a template in the account of the given tokens .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  run   handle
truth:  locate   null

test:  test if a url should be called with a new url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  item add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  add   add

test:  return the cli options class for the console class .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  turn   display
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  wrap lines with maxima instead of tokens .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  request   container

test:  trim one of the s6 s6 .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  trim   returns
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  returns the first execution for all arguments .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  add a django group .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   data
truth:  add   atomic

test:  return a list of cla in the cla models after the user be used in the date .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  return   learning
truth:  enables   learning

test:  test that every pytest in a test with redis saving is leaves of a previously added or pytest .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  test   entry
truth:  output   output

test:  features can run only tags .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  features   features
truth:  applied   tags

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   packets
truth:  send   packets

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  write a binary file .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  function   null
truth:  command   command

test:  return an item from the distribution with softmax data .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete an instance from the resource instance .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a free value given host and the host byte for the given host .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  if   access
truth:  to   try

test:  reset pid: force status code .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  null   vm
truth:  set   set

test:  ignore the given trace for an operation .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  exists   add
truth:  update   update

test:  return a json with the specified request .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  get   a

test:  construct the asset asset files or from a filter server .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  render the given usage with env .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  use   helper
truth:  print   a

test:  return a random global module .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper to parse an output output .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  command   command

test:  parses a config file and parses a config dictionary and the datatype .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  null   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  carves up a media params format and returns a tuple of all the where params is a tuple of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  simple functions .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  freelistx -> str return the activation function .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  list   null
truth:  discard   null

test:  returns the name of the ']name timestamps .
truth: remove " . 
test:  returns   name
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if a stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns default form for a specific document .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the distro release file data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set public certificate signature .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  check   load
truth:  verify   null

test:  run a command using interactive python bug .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  open   open

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns string .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the stack associated with the current thread .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a version 2 ipv6 header with custom bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  print out the data passed to stderr .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  print   return
truth:  return   return

test:  split a first line of something into a list of tuples .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  apply the home home assistant resource urls to shared data .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  apply   validate
truth:  given   a

test:  write file descriptor to file .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  null   a
truth:  modified   sync

test:  simple moving average .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  moving   rate
truth:  moving   null

test:  attempt to parse particular client implementation .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  to   add
truth:  adding   handle

test:  determine a url to use for the given server_url .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  if   check

test:  strip any unnecessary whitespace from lines .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  extract   documentation

test:  open the file in a codec file .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  open   run
truth:  creates   decode

test:  converts a string to unicode .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  replaces   generate
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns the average range of items in the specified grouping .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  note: restful crud info from courseupdateto api .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  null   update
truth:  pass   pass

test:  get the capabilities string for the given string .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  get   in
truth:  return   connection

test:  get the process used for the process .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper for creating a class upon the correct class .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  running   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in an roidb form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  composite composite mask .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  backend   create
truth:  create   create

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   role
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional 'percentile' filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  change the port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  sets the default language from the session .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  requests   requests

test:  generate meas and parse meas id for the given student parameters id : datetime object id or entry .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  replace special characters in a unicode string .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  replace   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a decorator for mutating canvas information .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  set   attributes
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts lists of lists into a list of lists .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate a google cloud storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  parse a file .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  parse   remove
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generates and set the secret key .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns an empty object .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a sequence of html tags into a sequence of html tags .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers init_declarator_list semi .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  null   declaration_specifiers
truth:  null   declaration_specifiers

test:  close serial port for snap reprap communications .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   null

test:  returns utf-8 representation of utf-8 utf-8 bytes .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get client info cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   cloud
truth:  get   get

test:  compare block device mapping for scalarmappable access .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a managed instance for a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format a relative time .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  some cases in the sigterm .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  null   a

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  thread   thread
truth:  thread   thread

test:  send a hup to service name cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   service

test:  this test should only be enabled .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set the virtual name for the module .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  set   load
truth:  provides   null

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  sets state states using data .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  fixed   sets

test:  factory to factory for stringify python 2 .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  remove a child node from the file .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the opts['master modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  notify -> html contents to a wsgi content with a html content .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  wrap   render
truth:  render   render

test:  run a command .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  run   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tokenid : token | qliteral | code | prec .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  null   toktype
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a given varint image .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  installing installing in python code with a given python code .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that disables requests for status of a request .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  view   check
truth:  call   call

test:  set a view function .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  get   null
truth:  run   a

test:  only return if valid library is installed .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  a decorator that fix the proper library .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  an entry point .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  returns   need
truth:  wrapped   up

test:  return the list of []power types for a given pattern .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  handle an action .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  null   cli

test:  convert a scalar to sympy .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check the current path .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test basic objects .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   test

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  list all the interfaces that will have been removed by the user .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  if   a
truth:  gives   a

test:  attempt to execute a json file from a list of objects .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  to   convenience
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a course structure with the given course_key and user cohorts .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  returns   display
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a list of units with the same name as defined by its declaration .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  return   elements
truth:  time   time

test:  compute f by a function at a time .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  compute   distance
truth:  splits   a

test:  return same matrix from ]matrix .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   solve
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws route :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the linear transformation of y by x or x by y when one or x is a lineartransform instance parameters x : writeme y : writeme y * x
truth: compute dot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   dot

test:  displays the appropriate links .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  squared   null
truth:  to   redirect

test:  default default library .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  default   style
truth:  return   info

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be available as an egg for download a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  setuptools   setuptools
truth:  distribute   distribute

test:  did did not in the covariance matrix parameters x : 1d array index of autocorrelation values : 1d array index of covariance matrix .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  list   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  disallow logical and logs .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  exit   log
truth:  log   log

test:  a wrapper around the default initialization gets the default failure .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  some absolute path use .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parse an expression and return a parsedtemplate instance .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert tzinfo to timestamp .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  lists a sink from the given destination .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a date in datetime format to a datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  check if path is a valid python package? .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  if   return
truth:  is   null

test:  test a single exponential tokenizer on rights .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   frappe
truth:  test   test

test:  clears the given index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  empty   ret
truth:  null   null

test:  determine if a request should be used and a django request .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  if   method
truth:  null   method

test:  sorts key function .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  sorts   returns
truth:  sort   key

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  helper method to determine if a line line line line line line >= a negative line .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a random string for externally authenticated characters .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  verify we are present in this xml document .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  pass   pass

test:  retry execution in handling detrending .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  retry   commit
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  helper function for when a selection file .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  store   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if *obj* is a collection .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   tests

test:  init the output .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  init   captions
truth:  initialize   strategy

test:  set up the zoneminder black configurator url .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test decorator for tests that are a validation test cases .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   provider

test:  is this is a usable deprecated: .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  is   a
truth:  contract   a

test:  take a file object to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  move   a

test:  find all documented documented fields from the system .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  get drop over all epochs on the bad epoch .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  drops   null
truth:  equalize   null

test:  the order that find the object that wont wont use the object to the object that clock to the object .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  find   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get precedence keys in state .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find projects and return full path for a folder .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing array to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  only return if all the modules are available .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  return   check
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  a view that uses {% csrf_token %} .
truth: given a request . 
test:  null   headers
truth:  given   a

test:  update global sympy .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   move
truth:  update   update

test:  return items as they relate to baselist .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  matching   matching

test:  return the course descriptor from the course modes for a particular course .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns the number of files .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   n

test:  set up the sonarr platform .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator to run a test if running windows .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  verify that these are entity in an html file .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  execute the default configuration .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  log   log

test:  bypass the additive_expression provided for a mime-type .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  null   null
truth:  int   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an odd ndarray .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   extension
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set image to other types .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  null   versions
truth:  sets   optional

test:  using the renderer renderer_name .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  using   null
truth:  using   null

test:  returns true if x is true .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return current site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  only makes this runtime is supported .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  makes   work
truth:  confirm   null

test:  attempt to parse a sysctl log entry into a pair .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  to   null
truth:  expects   a

test:  delete keys - which option names from the clsid clsid when passed around .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  base   null
truth:  null   a

test:  set facts['common']['evacuate facts if not already present in facts dict dict: the facts dict updated with the given facts dict updated with the embedded facts dict dict: the facts dict
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  set   current
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate pricing driver names for each of the given module .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  clear   scan
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  escape html characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  escape   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  add the closest remaining references from the provided distance matrix .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  get   transfer
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  construct an instance of the issubclass form class to a class .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  null   version

test:  return a text string indicating all issues construction links .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   references

test:  export dictionary with the given exploration .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests file specified in n_centers plural .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   test
truth:  tests   plural

test:  if input points to ) or ] or ] or > .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   return
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   custom
truth:  run   custom

test:  send and receive peer packet -> none send the answer and print them to a bluetooth socket .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  kbengine method .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  merge variable .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  merge   inception
truth:  model   model

test:  returns a list of nodes .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   bipartite

test:  return variable with decimal string .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  null   return
truth:  translate   translate

test:  ensure a github state is profiles name .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   state

test:  return the last returndates of timezone statistics .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generates a command arguments .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  list   a
truth:  run   run

test:  helper function for operate dictionary .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  function   get
truth:  given   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  if the decorator is a decorator which needs one decorator .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  download an object from s3 .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  document   download
truth:  download   download

test:  encode a single filename into a csv' csv' filename .
truth: utility function . 
test:  encode   record
truth:  function   function

test:  convert unix data to a set of data .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  equivalent to total seconds in milliseconds .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  null   arrays
truth:  null   null

test:  find correct context in a given expression .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  manipulate   parts

test:  update the common function .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  update   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a loader modules .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  return   modules

test:  return a generator over all items by the given function module .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  null   func
truth:  make   a

test:  wrap request handler methods with this decorator .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  obtain   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete the given volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  extract user authentication from an access token .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  authenticate   null

test:  context manager that keeps the current request/thread .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  context   function
truth:  time   time

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  override   override
truth:  construct   null

test:  inverse of a similarity metric .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure that the session option doesnt segfault when the session configuration .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  if   encryption

test:  converts ip string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   binary

test:  used to return a single salt master cli example: .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  to   a
truth:  render   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  use   view
truth:  view   view

test:  check unix key and assign request to permission capacity 5 .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  string   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the point .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new private key with a new private key .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  smart import role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   linking
truth:  linking   linking

test:  helper method that formats a bug in case output and return true .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  null   read
truth:  read   read

test:  read input from production and production data .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  input   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given pivcol] parameters pivcol] : ndarray .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  replaces html tags from a string .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  string   string

test:  detects image image in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   statistics
truth:  detects   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns none if there are any recently greater than one vim .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  asks   null

test:  generates public and private keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  set up tasks .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  executing   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  generate a single request data for the given dataset .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   n

test:  apply a service to a service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  display the outline dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  check if a action is choices .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   action

test:  find branch length that only contains a branch length .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  count   count

test:  checks if an object is nxm .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  if   return
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  test the correct view function .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete an index cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  determine if tuples are equal .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  truncate   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the user needs to the coupon version of the coupon docstring are the jailsconfiguration model because it is made by the user .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  if   in
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a lowercase copy of a block of strings .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left naive if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  checks whether the transaction manager requires a commit for changes to another transaction .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   carving
truth:  get   a

test:  tests the reproducible against the :class:kombu .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  tests   +
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  return a organizations activity stream of all activities activity in this group .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  no changes to the images table from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  displaying the contents of the value and such that this block will translate the context .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  return the queryset from hipchat name .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   personcontact

test:  download input from barcode list .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  input   character
truth:  format   format

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a list of all scripting registered for a particular cluster .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  given a list of type types .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  return   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return the version from znc --version cli example: .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  reset a model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  join   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the version of the api .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check params of invalid data to params .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  check   params
truth:  validate   validate

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  generate an md5 hash of the file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  add a column to an existing column .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  move a path from a path to the tuple .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   move

test:  copy a file and all its modification times .
truth: move a file . 
test:  copy   remove
truth:  move   a

test:  return text for rst the type specified .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  text   format
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the objects type of an object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  a side of os .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the xml tree xml document .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  get   return
truth:  load   load

test:  checks for required header .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  header   header

test:  yaml: file a file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  text   create
truth:  file   file

test:  print the weeks edit weeks .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  print   email
truth:  plots   plots

test:  writes a string to a file .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  return a list of users on the api .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  returns a addtogether command .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  add   add

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns string of space-separated entries .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register the translation before adjustment is required .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   a

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random bytes .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  loads all the plugins in directory .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  to   attempts

test:  get logger info .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  find objects for 409 line .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  find   escape
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a reverse sequence .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively check all messages we are using their names .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the current config configured on the configuration files and time they are configured .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  execute a message on the given command .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  execute   context
truth:  context   context

test:  return an appropriate target .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  return   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   total_seconds

test:  return the context of a service .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  return   schema
truth:  get   size

test:  turn a string into a signed python object .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  turn   return
truth:  undoes   null

test:  lower triangle of an array .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  null   part
truth:  make   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get a file client and add it to the context .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the video path from a given file .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  dsa a list into a random variables .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  get api deployment for a given apiid and deployment name .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   api

test:  check a positive string units of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  close the permissions for this process .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   return
truth:  close   close

test:  display the current dialog .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  display   run
truth:  display   display

test:  write contents to a file using bom .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  source   target
truth:  download   download

test:  print output file into the given object .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  output   print
truth:  extract   zipfiles

test:  returns a user instance from the email address .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  enable or disable ipython cache .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a shortcut for the artifact model in a class .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  reads the most iterations of a list of integers from the most shape .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  reads   square
truth:  return   a

test:  for each folder containing a cache folder .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   ros

test:  verifies how this instead of a dummy version .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  verifies   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a handle .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   identity

test:  attempt to call a function as python subprocess with tempfile .
truth: run setup . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  return   obj
truth:  null   django

test:  automatically install setuptools and make it available .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  install   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get equation for spherical if original points are in a equation .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  get integration integration for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  show the settings for the given string .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  show   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the crc value .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the size of a string to bytes .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  color   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of median from a range of values .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  return   return
truth:  calculate   median

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns a complete gdal object from geoip .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run f and return its results if it fails .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  to   a
truth:  call   call

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  convert string to list .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  traverse the numeric times for a list of tags .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  emit   calculate
truth:  traverse   null

test:  compute average clustering of nodes .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  remove elements of sequence .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  duplicate   null
truth:  introduce   element

test:  sends a unicode and submit it to the response .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  remove a github user by name from a team team .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  remove   wrapper
truth:  removes   a

test:  disassociate all compute ips for a given host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  test inverse of factor working relations .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  model   compare
truth:  like   like

test:  create a node for the given node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  create   create

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   options
truth:  parse   options

test:  opens an absolute path into a file .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  open   a

test:  returns a tuple representing yaml options for given elastic type .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a path string or a filename and a new filename or .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  given   a
truth:  make   path

test:  program : step line | repository line | new newline .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a cache key for the header cache key .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current line number in the next line .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a tuple containing the result in settings .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  returns   settings
truth:  displays   differences

test:  filters an ordered polynomial defining a list of model objects .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  convert   sdm

test:  get complete hours with name stream_name .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  desired   null
truth:  stream   stream

test:  insert html node to the inner node .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  insert   multiply
truth:  add   add

test:  given a :class:~stem id and a carvable partition id .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the query strings for a given digital and hash in a given query .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  returns   waits
truth:  queries   queries

test:  train a higher order contractive autoencoder on a dummy file system .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  train   delete
truth:  loads   a

test:  filter otu sample files in this file containing the output and wildcard records at least one block .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  null   otu
truth:  filter   otus

test:  testing sys .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the ckan connection object .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of elements matching the given path .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   path
truth:  return   return

test:  determine if the node is a symlink node .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   try

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  null   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  perform http source directory containing __init__ in this stack .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  null   a

test:  iterate canonical for astropy .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  invert : minus non-fileserver .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   x**n

test:  yields lines .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  null   answers
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a class that only uses python interpreter .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   values

test:  changes the property data on every property .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  adding   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  test for issue l-levels .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  test   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  read the child threads for this thread .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   a
truth:  queues   queues

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  execute the main body of the script .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   entrypoint

test:  get the actual issues of a particular page .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  github   hits
truth:  github   github

test:  decorator for disabling a function .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  set   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  function to clear context as a child context .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  lowercase   a
truth:  is   t

test:  creates a copy of the database url .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  returns   type
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the list of repository projects based on repository ids .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  check if 'configureregenerated' has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  remove classes that are not have a new instance .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  subtract   fix
truth:  repeated   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  null   sign
truth:  null   crud

test:  dump all the modjk information in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  check   return
truth:  dump   null

test:  returns a prime number of max .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a helper function for [batch_size memcache .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  write   null

test:  check whether proxy is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  export rawif method to a png file size .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   method
truth:  export   method

test:  create a new special special arithmetic methods to be updated at the given axis .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert a numpy ndarray to the correct type .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   mapreduce
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  uppercase the stdout see comments to code2-1 includes any upper case of characters from code1 .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a hash that can be passed to a integer .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  creates   polynomial
truth:  null   null

test:  return a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  return   a
truth:  start   a

test:  generate 0 given two beaker lines .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  send daily email to calendar report to sys .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  send   reports
truth:  reports   reports

test:  return a inset specified in the command line interface .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  return   entry
truth:  build   build

test:  test the submits api_key authentication based authentication .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   json

test:  sanitize a string out of a host .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  unquote   a
truth:  host   host

test:  run a command in a given command .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  create the shared database .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  tests that the store_fs directory is set with a bad value .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  sets   test
truth:  to   try

test:  turn allocations into a list of allocations provider provider provider provider provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  count the image value from the given image and respond with a given image .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  creates   find
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the first locales in the given locale .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  extract   null

test:  adds *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the source as network controller .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  take   delete
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes one or more entities from the datastore .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  takes   data
truth:  null   version

test:  open and return a binary mode using the same filename as the mode .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  add a whole domain type related to the dictionary .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  add   in
truth:  make   null

test:  check if x is a valid curve contains the curve and y .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  if   return
truth:  is   a

test:  moment shapes map file .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  find   null
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  check that the neighbor neighbor points are what we expect the same .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator for functions that are arglen return a list of strings .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  function   null
truth:  measure   measure

test:  download the url to download the url on the path .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  convert   download
truth:  build   a

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  call the prompt for the prompt operation .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  call   api
truth:  wrap   a

test:  set held queue to unheld in the mail queue to unheld the type of pixels in the image to set up .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   null

test:  the contribution .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the path for the given program .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  get   get

test:  prepend the path to the git version of git .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  git   sys
truth:  launch   launch

test:  create a cluster with database .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  create   cluster
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a view for eliot django revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add total loss in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   summaries
truth:  add   summaries

test:  return the contents of every package from a given package and return the corresponding inferred from the given package .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  recursively union a given xblock field from the block structure .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   signals
truth:  collects   a

test:  test pip wheel with pip links .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  test   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  add endpoint to the prefix for the resource on the cross call .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  stolen   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  safe loading of the user model .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  fetches   null

test:  build master controller_args .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   master
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a classical two points crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   null
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  mark a refund entry to perform eval-context set timezone and configs .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  ensuring   updates
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if object is subclass of enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns for your apps .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  import   import

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  filter function for generating a device .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  function   a
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  returns true if g is a set of g .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  add the plugin translations .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  add   plots
truth:  adds   a

test:  error checking for routines that should not return not return not return func .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  always return c{false} if the given side are not activated .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  object   reload
truth:  indices   indices

test:  greek the module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  get   module
truth:  load   a

test:  return true if arg is a next string .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  import *mu* in a qapplication installation .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  create and return n colors from the given start .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   dict

test:  commit commit to a stream .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  show   a

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  return true if the given package is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  execute user brew method resolution the beginning of a user via the verbose build method .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  trigger   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  convert items in json document to json .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  transforms   items
truth:  rank   rank

test:  remove a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  indefinite indefinite sequence .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  replacement for alert from w3af .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  polynomial pseudo-quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  dump the current directory tree .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  make   null

test:  makes sure that the given thread is valid .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  makes   up
truth:  null   infinite

test:  find an home dir and return full home directory .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  find   get
truth:  return   location

test:  return the property value for a module or a module .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make a file with some arguments .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  make   find
truth:  make   a

test:  test that matplotlib image can be created .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  test   paster
truth:  error   error

test:  the strings from a list of population k .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  null   output
truth:  returns   a

test:  regression test for url .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   dev

test:  return a list containing the rsync output of deleted .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  return   try
truth:  changes   changes

test:  the time in integer seconds since the epoch to convert time .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   time
truth:  return   current

test:  start a deprecation command .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  yield   formats
truth:  identify   null

test:  same as a >= b .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  compares   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  this decorator is called to mark functions in a test suite .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  is   a
truth:  mark   fn

test:  ensure that we load a specific object and all other items .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  ensure   return
truth:  handle   handle

test:  permanently delete a transport check cli example: .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load if the timezone module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set an element with a sources and a sources .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  set   fetch
truth:  null   privacy

test:  return a kern pairs value from <ctrl-x> and return a kern pairs are the kern pair value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  potential gradient with the file floatx parameters .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  do   calculate
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the url without preserving the given rss tag .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  return   test
truth:  posts   posts

test:  convenience function for x and y differs .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  apply   up
truth:  return   x

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   part

test:  get the correct app object for the application .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  get   return
truth:  to   null

test:  return power tuple x <= t^ 1^ results = epigraph .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   power

test:  return histogram and affix table names in django grades .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  indices   returns
truth:  print   print

test:  returns "dir" or "file" according to what type path is .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of tuples for the given vms id .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sends code to stdout .
truth: override sys . 
test:  stderr   variant
truth:  override   sys

test:  main program function for the config options .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   root

test:  return a frequency frequency datetime .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  solve a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  find   calls
truth:  find   a

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   in

test:  finds and returns the current two tensors .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  return the value for the given key .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  there is no methods in the same methods as the brand' methods when the brand' is first .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  simulates   null
truth:  stubs   stubs

test:  replace html reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   method
truth:  replace   replace

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the username defined in user instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path passed in .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace minion with all defined in the same generic seq_order: .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return the first system system system system system .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  return   get
truth:  required   returns

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  reads a file and returns the specified machine .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  read   read

test:  returns whether the given power window matches the specified powers .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  attempt to setup the new private loop .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   metamorph
truth:  read   metamorph

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a method to wrap a django instance locker if applicable .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  usage   usage

test:  add the given path for the given python path .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  test the bundle structure .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two instances .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find approvals columns in recent database by removing also handle to the provided table name .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  alter   a

test:  default implementation to be necessary to reset state or 8bit .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  take   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  main method for cleaning up collection .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  null   null
truth:  command   command

test:  for the directory .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  iterator   returns
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create an discovery network device using a search device .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   discovery
truth:  generate   a

test:  decorator for writing an changes or check that should raise an error if proxy is present .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   check

test:  equate vector3 with each component list .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  dataset   set
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a version string for a version of monthrange .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  generate a random api key .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  only load the module if htpasswd is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  load   work
truth:  confirm   null

test:  return filename without the file extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  open the document for sha-256 .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  open   set
truth:  test   test

test:  get one or more entities with the specified key .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  get   one
truth:  retrieves   one

test:  extract the appropriate relexpr from page .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  gets   null

test:  ensures out any args is passed to boto .
truth: given a field . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a new image instance from a tag .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  rgb color space conversion .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  merge   rgb
truth:  to   null

test:  helper method for getting a template name .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  open an grains file .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  open   a
truth:  return   os

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  decorator for calling role argument to keep the class constraints .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  null   register
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a dictionary of key/value pairs .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a string to its position as a phone representation .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  used   function
truth:  used   function

test:  load comparablex509 dataset .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  dataset   calculate
truth:  read   data

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   authentication
truth:  pick   installer

test:  return an entry code corresponding to the given type name .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   a

test:  get the identity service notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  check that ['abc' is correctly there of 'abc\n types and it is a string value on the last data value should check if the table concatenation .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   null

test:  raises an exception if the given locale is not a locale .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an opcode to the float index in the epoch .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the megam web browser for the binary page .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  create   reports
truth:  configure   nltks

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   data

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  convert   a

test:  downloads setuptools file .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find the match to lookup .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test if gpujoin works .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a formatted string for a datetime object .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  return   null
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  send a message .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  like   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  parse the location line numbers .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  create a list .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  return the *k* dict for sequences .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  return   nodes
truth:  null   number

test:  sleep source and reads a file .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  source   source
truth:  null   generator

test:  convert a 3d set of field sizes to a 3d collection .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  yield the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  look up an explicit class in the selected class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  register   null
truth:  add   a

test:  the package version of this package is not installed .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  if any units in this collection is selected by to_tree rules .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  if   a
truth:  given   a

test:  handle start'] channels for start'] events .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  evaluate   pick
truth:  scroll   scroll

test:  check to make sure the default horizontal match the input horizontal .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  attach all attachments to filename .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  generic initialization to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   generic

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert integer to positive string .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  cast   a

test:  run html tidy with tidy5 .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  return all nodes having a shortest node coefficients in g .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  prints a list of output results for this script .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   use
truth:  prints   prints

test:  return a human-readable string of a service .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  builds a client to the google cloud natural language api .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  if the data hash hash on a dict of values .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  testing   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  example: when i run the last .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this method returns the cli cli portion of a command using the device .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  null   method

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   checks
truth:  removes   a

test:  generates the extra params to use things .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  extract   html
truth:  creates   html

test:  scan a message log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  given a route table .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  given   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  detect eol eol characters from os name .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  if   null
truth:  text   text

test:  register models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   models
truth:  register   models

test:  check if the specified package is names .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the key is a valid dictionary .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  calculate md5sum of a binary algorithm .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  check if a string is an int .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  if   linear
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets the prefix for the prefix and user .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  cast x or a given list of types .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  cast   cast

test:  parse a string like abc .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  return host from network integer .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes zero instance for a given student_module .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  fetches   problem
truth:  delete   delete

test:  the following vertex check on the logger .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  iterator   find
truth:  if   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   fetch
truth:  null   helper

test:  set a key in the user accountpolicy .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   change
truth:  set   set

test:  bootstrap a container .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   convert
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  return the current request .
truth: says hello . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a document to exist on a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  create   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  decorator that index condition out of a function .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  value   a
truth:  build   a

test:  returns a list of the modelsoutput index sql statements for all indexes in the given modelsoutput .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enables that an image can be used to check if the requested feature is enabled .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  null   check
truth:  request   request

test:  handle epochs once .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  handle   callback
truth:  handle   epochs

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  tokenize line numbers from a line .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  avoid   uuid
truth:  return   line

test:  return indentation with indentation to make it format correctly .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  indices   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert degrees into degrees of degrees of degrees .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  register a function expecting a boolean validator .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   values

test:  rest controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sources

test:  return gzip gzip contents of url .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run command popenargs[ run a subshell and returns a result with the given arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return tuple of used by "post-alexnet" tags .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  tuple   parameters
truth:  used   parameters

test:  given an object name .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  if   google
truth:  if   test

test:  delete asset 'arg' delete .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  delete   asset
truth:  del   a

test:  return a table of groups .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  lookup a user with information about the current user .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  obtain   returns
truth:  publish   a

test:  return the string class name .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  source   null
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the radiotherm thermostat .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string if its musicbrainz class .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  normalize one line arguments that are superfluous by stripping select and optionally arbitrary newlines .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  fixed   return

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  find a query which applies the two nodes .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  create   variant
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  dump files in a path .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a dictionary mapping entry to their id(s) .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  build a color object from a color space .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  build   a
truth:  make   a

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of module modules from the sys .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  refresh containers that have an started container count the containers iterable .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  refresh   sql
truth:  ensure   null

test:  probability of matrices .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   derivative

test:  return an object with an attribute and which has no internal value .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  display html through ipython images .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  display   processes
truth:  draw   null

test:  return a list of exercises exercises for the content .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   set
truth:  return   a

test:  copy annotation between src and dest .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   callback
truth:  copy   annotations

test:  given two images .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  updates timeline in the database .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  updates   course
truth:  null   null

test:  removes a previously registered descriptor .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse a distances file and return a dict of information .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   find
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list with exploration that the user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find all plugins listed in the system .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   return

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   tags
truth:  append   tags

test:  solves ax^2 + hug type .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  solves   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of imports to use for instance way: .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  test whether object is an integer and not a integer object .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  chisquare part of the first kind of the given julian distribution .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  shift   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start service via monit cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   cli

test:  retrieve a quota usage usage or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   quota
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator to decide which memoized its results to be a single object .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  sends a message to the server or raise exception .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  format the removal dicts .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   new

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  compute polar = polar interpolation .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  compute   custom
truth:  compute   compute

test:  attribute a callback to compute spectral search mapping .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  install flocker song and installer for a given distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   flocker
truth:  install   flocker

test:  this one generates a polynomial over ints mod mod .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  computes   timestamp
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  cancel emails .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  remove a jacket from an images .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   check
truth:  remove   remove

test:  pops the first available enc file names from the _ .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  decodes   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  like json .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  like   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all repositories in the organization .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  check if a student is masquerading as masquerading for the course .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format an object as a positive response with a third response body .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  format   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  return number of args that also runs the request .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  limit number of calls to returned closure per second to be actual .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  limit   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create json array of osf routes matrix to a single python abundance otu matrix .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  github   deseq2
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  helper to get a container .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  runs a shell command and captures an operation on a specific args .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  runs   a

test:  compute the the well-formed identity axis of a binary transform .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  convert   quaternion

test:  run a databases server from the postgres server .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the validating global addon function .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  return   get
truth:  is   pkg

test:  symlink a specific file this is only a list of symlink .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  function   null
truth:  create   a

test:  extract an exception and return an http request and return an exception if it returns context .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  translate   multivariate
truth:  function   function

test:  fillet a gcode file or gcode text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  dimension   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  return a dictionary composed of keys over an iterable of values .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  prepare   keys
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  default entry point to target .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  default   update
truth:  build   page

test:  check if the given kernel module is currently registered .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  if   a
truth:  name   name

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   join

test:  add all test functions registered in the given arguments .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  is   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the checksum of the current thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  install output of deployment for installation .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  install   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  run one or more entities in job .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  run   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  return the pylint notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the object is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  setup the google mochadservice instance .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse text into a list of mtype objects .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  text   formats
truth:  parse   parse

test:  run command with arguments and display it .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  process   null
truth:  command   command

test:  destroy a machine by name .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  validates that the header is used .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient methods which alter methods on synthetic arguments .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get current thread .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  sets as a tag .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  null   qhostinfo
truth:  to   fixture

test:  returns a description string for printing the given struct description .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager that launches a ccx of a ccx to execute the course block .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  context   null
truth:  create   a

test:  mock completion summary page .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  restart a new restart page .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  if   check

test:  if any given pattern matches the given pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  if   part
truth:  to   try

test:  create store store with the given sequences .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  store   store
truth:  drop   drop

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  null   newline
truth:  null   newline

test:  return true if rule matches a parent rule .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   return

test:  context manager to set old language information .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  set   manager
truth:  activate   null

test:  ask a filename to render the answer if the given title .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  ask   returns
truth:  show   show

test:  statement : location equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  checks if an object is blocked .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  if   memory
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the pkginfo of the namedtuple to the namedtuple .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   build

test:  encodes the object quopri and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  parse a url in config .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  parse   expand
truth:  get   a

test:  in case path is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  check if an parameter specifications .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  if   return
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  print the current item in the correct locations .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  print   dict
truth:  drop   drop

test:  move items into one or more items .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  move   copies
truth:  moves   null

test:  iterates all glob patterns that have the same name as specified in the list of patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  retrieve a dictionary for the given certificate type .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   null

test:  set the current value in assets for the least one with the passed types .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  depreciate   null

test:  an implementation of utils .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  returns true .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only work on macos with solaris .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  return the intersection of all graphs in graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  parse property contains raw data date .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  does   null
truth:  null   method

test:  ensure testing mode is 'ret['changes'][' .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  simulate   reload
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   nms
truth:  parse   nms

test:  update a function conforming to work with the given command .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  null   a
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  copy a bucket name from s3 bucket .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  move   a

test:  creates database data for debugging to store the given sqlalchemy query .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  null   sandwich
truth:  null   sandwich

test:  simulates a full module visit in the current request object .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  helper function to convert a list of functions volumes into xml element .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  function   a
truth:  configured   list

test:  get information about the computer where the computer shell was previously shell .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   record
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  packs a property property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   function
truth:  packs   a

test:  the main loop to run .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  null   print
truth:  print   authors

test:  create a sample input .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  create   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  check whether a pid is running against the max_value process .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   check

test:  retry everything cannot have ambiguous .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  null   a
truth:  try   something

test:  run the given function in reverse order so functions are executed last time to run in reverse order .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the dtvs platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  computes the amazon distances in arr and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  computes   matplotlib
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  when an instance is modified .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list containing absolute pattern from value given a list of dicts .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a bool indicating if host is sunos or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  build a list of paths into a single line .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  build   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to get the header header information from a request header .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  function   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  asserts an html attributes by a given id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a wsgi tool shed tool shed tool shed tool shed .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  when the statusbar is found with a bug number .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  make   null

test:  read variable definitions from the traffic_line command .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   traffic

test:  format html with lookuptable entries .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  removes a pointer from a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  return true if app has custom mro .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  always use class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  init   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get all iscsi iscsi rules from the device .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the functions used for arguments .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get networks unique types that are constant on user .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  get   function
truth:  null   part

test:  adds slashes to a angular activation in a sql query .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  adds   slashes
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  encrypts key and endcodes cipher .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  encrypts   encrypted_data
truth:  return   a

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  product view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  edit   view
truth:  ordered   product

test:  this function will parse the github api call to perform github api quickly when github api such that the api json subdir closed .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  null   accepts
truth:  to   attempt

test:  helper function to get the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  parses   function
truth:  get   get

test:  helper for common parse actions .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  use   sets
truth:  to   helper

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the aes bytes - the first bytes of the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  do all model attributes in dictionary to strings .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  do   dictionary
truth:  return   a

test:  looks up a package .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a list of all grains from the cloud provider data .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  get   get
truth:  function   function

test:  generate json response with matching analyzes place .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  generate   iterator
truth:  format   a

test:  compute size from distances .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  give a list of page where the user has page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   return
truth:  give   a

test:  choose one element .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  choose   a
truth:  null   manager

test:  vae allows multiple samples point this allows you to data uniform point .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  null   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  softmax categorical crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  null   categorical
truth:  cross   cross

test:  attempt to load a python file or a filesystem description file .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  imports   module
truth:  null   alternative

test:  an html template .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   a

test:  copy a file from the public and return a list of little-endian objects .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   expand
truth:  copy   a

test:  a dummy user can persist an api .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  break   null
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  detach the gui to build_obs_freq_mat: .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  serve   try
truth:  detach   program

test:  generate assignment_expression url back to push given url .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  generate   libxml2
truth:  send   a

test:  delete an image from an image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return one or more grains cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   one

test:  a decorator that instantiates cumulatively values docstrings from refer to the doctest-safe class .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   docstrings

test:  return an --may-exist keys representing a registry .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  returns the path to the specified object .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  object   object

test:  format a string to a chained number of formatters .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  format   function
truth:  null   formatter

test:  update this task info task .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  update   keys
truth:  format   a

test:  kill the text from the cursor to the end of the line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  kill   kill
truth:  kill   kill

test:  decorator for reduction .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  attaches   serializers

test:  set the daemon devices on the background limit .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given an instance context .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return 'nfs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring or unicode .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template

test:  make sure the given text was set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   checking
truth:  check   check

test:  look for a line in a set of lines in a set of lines starting with the starting class node and we know the start of the start of a
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   null

test:  returns image - uniquely for evaluation .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  preprocesses   null

test:  yaml: build-publisher this plugin publishes html requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:copy plugin <jdepend+plugin> .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get gear path output .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  given a binary string with no more than a registered dict of its led .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  text   summary
truth:  compute   compute

test:  clear any of the weights set .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  hack   hack

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of content after a certain number of content .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize nick templates for this template .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  add a default event code .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a javascript string in javascript form of the source code .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  return   a
truth:  has   js

test:  return the database sync database if there is a database version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  write a cudandarray < one memory from a file supports long :py:class:optionparser except for an alternate function .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   null

test:  attempt to texcept .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  null   function
truth:  look   up

test:  return a mtime before mtime to mtime .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  context   return
truth:  remove   remove

test:  list regexp console exact a table .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   regexp

test:  detect 'browser' object in the background way to detect and add attributes to the given attributes .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  testing   network
truth:  if   null

test:  returns list of languages languages languages .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  djangos   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic encoding .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  get the corners from the loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   intersection

test:  main function .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  function   null
truth:  running   running

test:  tests that storing a value that dont cause one defined in the old-style class .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return the last function you like all the data .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   data

test:  return a geometry series of nibabel at each line .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  update a saved dataset of the datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  update   update
truth:  make   a

test:  runs a command on a remote machine .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return true if literal is expression .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  return   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  parses all string arguments in the string .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  given   a

test:  requests specific privacy list listname .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  null   requests
truth:  deletes   privacy

test:  return true if there is allowed with conditions: and routes .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  url   metadata
truth:  if   checks

test:  check that the slice has invalid slice .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  check   reload
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  log logging line numbers .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  output   log
truth:  log   log

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  emulate evironment tag with specified name .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  emulate   inverse
truth:  get   a

test:  return a list of the names of a group .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  given a directory .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  given   list
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx export-download-urls [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  null   detach
truth:  null   lx

test:  determines if certificate is enabled .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if user has attained status .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  null   method

test:  function used to convert an array of pairs to a point .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  used   process
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a string referring to a tree of tags .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   tags

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of the vms that have been active .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates an s3 bucket name for an s3 bucket in indentation .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  creates   test
truth:  to   null

test:  update tasks in inspecting .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   collections
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  hash one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   one
truth:  derive   one

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with existing episodes in existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  null   photos
truth:  null   a

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   undo
truth:  undo   undo

test:  execute queries against the time series database .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  null   negation

test:  creates simple host from a sequence of hosts .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  creates   host
truth:  list   list

test:  returns cached model for a model .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  returns   doctype
truth:  get   frappe

test:  pickle an object .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  to   load
truth:  cached   load

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  null   current
truth:  get   current

test:  return the path to a tuple .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  computes nodes and weights for beta distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar mu : scalar or array_like .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  lowercase the given string using the pip_list .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  lowercase   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  a generator yielding frames of n elements from socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  list   n
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  kill the top level : pid using the process .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  return the most recent action key can index .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the stroke element .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  inserts a compiler for the given resource .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  inserts   a

test:  create an edxnotes client for authorization requests .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generated   returns

test:  make sure that we can specify integers .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  return true if value is a buffer .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validate 02233 data to reverse .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  context manager that wraps failure and subsequently failure .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  save   current

test:  creates an open file dialog and returns a directory .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  subroutine to create a scrollregion scrollregion .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  to   subroutine
truth:  to   subroutine

test:  language: zh-tw -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  look for classes in a node and return a patched origin for it .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  like   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return binomial truncated density function .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  finds   null

test:  complete a read of count digits .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  count   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  selects rules .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  decides   a
truth:  null   builder

test:  set the path to a new user for a given public interface .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  create a resource .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   resource

test:  send email rendering for a recipient template .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  email   null
truth:  send   multipart

test:  checks if ip address is supported .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  returns line with the least the given line in a filename endings .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  restores the logger with given logger .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  serve   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  for relative files that will ultimately be given a resource relative to output_path .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  unregister models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   models
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string which is not too long .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all urls linked to a resource .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   libguestfs
truth:  get   urls

test:  if the environment variable w3af_psutils is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  expand parsing config object and return a full one .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  expand   dictionary
truth:  null   null

test:  return the ascii name corresponding to an ascii string or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  create sequence from sequence fasta files .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  create   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  windows doing url encode .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  null   timestamp
truth:  doing   encoder

test:  decode a bson double to python timestamp .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   article
truth:  takes   article

test:  adds everything before this user to the application before the tests .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  adds   app
truth:  null   handler

test:  logs out locale .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logout   logout

test:  given non-nan floats or float values .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  given   null
truth:  finite   finite

test:  return an absolute path to the canonical worker .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  if   check

test:  output module to retrieve - .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  rate   float
truth:  return   difference

test:  retrieve roles dict by mail assignments .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the cumulative distribution of an n-dimensional axis given by inserting x along the specified axis .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  return   centers
truth:  null   null

test:  process image references in system .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  process   image
truth:  process   process

test:  return information about a url .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a app remote host factory to an albums .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns ordered representation of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  dumps   storage
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  compare replication keys and get replication field names this method is called on the replication operator with a particular replication :rtype: dict .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  null   increment
truth:  lookup   a

test:  only load the module if the kernel is linux .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  load   work
truth:  provides   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   a

test:  creates a django view required for use in a given uri .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  to   magic

test:  publish published with each pages titles .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  published   create

test:  delete an ssh group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  execute a ruby command and execute a specific ruby version with rbenvs shims in a defined ruby .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  used for marking files to convert a list of files to glob .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   dir

test:  returns a module object for a package and module name .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  checks that given fingerprint matches the certificate fingerprint using the certificate fingerprint .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  return a list of the permission roles with the provided name .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return number of releases for a slice .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return server version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  return   lvm
truth:  installed   shows

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user tries to get summary step in checkout without shipping - if is redirected to summary step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   user
truth:  tries   user

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  tune   null
truth:  call   call

test:  compute the binary representation of a binary image .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   bool

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over fastq in different dependent output crud .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  iterate   function
truth:  makes   a

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  subscribe a user before sending email .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  update   user
truth:  update   user

test:  return a list of the elements of x .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  an xri object allowing comparison of xri .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  null   xri
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  check if a list is actually a tuple of ints .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  run the arguments from the supplied kwargs .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  null   null
truth:  document   document

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  read in the entire and return parsed locales object .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  load   locales

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  check if the database options are currently selected at a given select .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  selects   a

test:  return an object given a module and the next python variable .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  return   load
truth:  import   a

test:  just a single channel is a start of *text* .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  null   a
truth:  log   channel

test:  compute the leading arguments of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  shutdown for the connection .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  null   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the requests options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test basic object info .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  format   format

test:  set content in the provided string .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  content   a
truth:  stores   stores

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  feed   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a deployment pipeline is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  reindex for a set of intersection data on the x-axis .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  null   processes
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  creates a query to filter documents .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  the cross power spectral psd by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   power
truth:  compute   compute

test:  selected a "stop" server .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gets the rights for this exploration from the rights .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return npz .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  return   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  hash a function using debug functions and debug .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  adapt   null
truth:  null   +

test:  test updating deactivated in deactivated cache .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  insert   data

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if 2 datapoints is timeseries enough from last hour in the hour .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read a 32-bit 32-bit integer .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  read   a

test:  load a url .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  load   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine if a header is an msgpack header .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  null   frame

test:  add sparse handlers to the internal handler .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  adds   in
truth:  registers   null

test:  liveaction an action into a dict .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  null   number
truth:  marks   execution

test:  return true if user is masquerading as masquerading for the course .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  return   course
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return response http error http error http error info .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  display a valid text describing a valid user .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  display   downloads
truth:  displays   null

test:  return the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  encode   encode

test:  list all field failures for a user .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  list   multiple
truth:  print   a

test:  change the u'topic record for this process .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  change   set
truth:  set   set

test:  exit code into unknown identifier .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  running   entry
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decrement the reference count of a media descriptor object .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   information
truth:  release   media

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test help command for a newline .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  help   install
truth:  help   help

test:  return the image with a specified path on the specified image .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   a

test:  wait to see create table output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a template string that first loads bootstrap3 or none .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  returns   notification
truth:  render   a

test:  return a list of service boot cli example: .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  return   restart
truth:  restart   openstack

test:  given a model instance in a model instance .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  given   a
truth:  try   fn

test:  releases a user with a raised password .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  sends   attempt
truth:  to   attempts

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  null   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  return a matrix multiplication by openerp test n data** a high-level vector .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  return   resolves
truth:  detects   null

test:  add assembly in the negatives .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   assignment
truth:  add   add

test:  parses a command and returns the path to the server .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  parses   dictionary
truth:  enables   readline

test:  find a mesh in a agent source source code and find its contents of a call .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the line from the cluster or a cluster .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   method
truth:  extract   null

test:  test either if an estimators is raised in estimators .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  test   weights
truth:  if   check

test:  generates an exponential log of a digital function .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  return   n

test:  reverse function to safecharencode .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  function   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list_type : field_type identifier | .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  null   loop
truth:  null   null

test:  return url from a 32-bit code .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  checksum a hash .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  calculate   function
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   member

test:  update an event by name .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  null   return
truth:  updates   a

test:  return the gzip encoded data mode as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  return   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  return the list of the sites count count associated with a these object .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  return   null
truth:  purge   a

test:  pull any module name from the provided app_label .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  code   code

test:  guess a password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  parse   check
truth:  check   a

test:  a factory that records returns certain value .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  null   config
truth:  was   option

test:  publish an attachment to a resource by the given attachment token .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  read   a
truth:  file   file

test:  display a list of oldest translation responses .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  display   implements
truth:  return   a

test:  set a response to session auth .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  set   set
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply the tv denoising algorithm on a random image representing a sphere .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  null   tv

test:  the given string convert a topojson string to unicode hue encoding .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all callbacks info in the given future future order .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  guess a heap command to guess the passed values .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  capture   function
truth:  null   number

test:  activity hours controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  null   courses
truth:  null   activity

test:  render a template .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  rendered   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return the version as a string or none .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  return   implementation

test:  return a pep binomial rules .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create an index object for this operation .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  add the command for command line arguments to an integer path .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  command   command
truth:  create   options

test:  generate a font directory if necessary .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   load
truth:  generate   number

test:  a decorator with a method .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  take index from document and produce it .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  index   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  return an rgb color to rgb color space .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the list of clauses objects from f(x) to python in lists .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the number of epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  statement : integer | list of numbers .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  for numbers that string to encode a .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   integer

test:  converts the given string to its none or raise a boolean value .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  string   string

test:  test if a and b are a return if the same elements .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  if   test
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a url to the api server with api url .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  extend   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read an bad fiff file .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  generates a batch with the given service .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  linearly linear unit function in new_x based in new_x and y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  interpolates   null

test:  delete console file .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a value for the proxied configuration file .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a unique test directory for saving .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  creates   func
truth:  sets   up

test:  project users view and dashboard view .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  edit   image
truth:  project   users

test:  truncate various event down the given user vertices and truncate their types .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  migrate   a
truth:  emits   null

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  when you can use required on evironment labels .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  default   html

test:  return response code .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the maximum log stream .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  is   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  copy all the master fd to a master master and deletes source .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  create   null
truth:  copy   copy

test:  performs a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  a helper for the config: .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  like   like

test:  returns true if the given service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   inverse

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  make sure all @override in dict contain a given dict .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  mark   plots
truth:  pads   null

test:  french the stop and log messages of all messages for the scan .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  get a full path on the full user .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  split   path

test:  align the alignment layer in padding .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  align   calculate
truth:  byte   byte

test:  guess the common element of a list of integer values .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns a message value or choices and join index value @rtype: test result .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  presents   null

test:  nd logical implementation .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  preprocesses   null
truth:  crops   null

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  run for events .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   event
truth:  listen   null

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  disables   learning

test:  prepare a client to an array of objects and optional state cli example: .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  prepares   a

test:  set a service in down state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  returns a list of all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  sorted   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  remove leading zeros .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   parses
truth:  return   cputime

test:  loads and returns a json object .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  config   config

test:  if an index .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the python string corresponding to an encoding .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  test training network on gf_csolve .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  test   load
truth:  is   n

test:  generate a hdus for random data .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  generates module atom for the module .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  convert terms of f in k[x] to g in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  convert   gcd
truth:  take   a

test:  format a line before extensions .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  retain   null

test:  a helper function to return the content in a property dict .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  test the mac address .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  test   verifies
truth:  run   core

test:  return rgb colors .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  return   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  split txt by each line into unicode string .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  split   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  delete a layer delete .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  runs a timeout command .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  iterate over all modules in a given package .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the c[u] communicability matrix for g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update the default class instance .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  given   a
truth:  used   null

test:  return the image encoded for json files 1 .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  return   image
truth:  return   json

test:  when no timezone info .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  null   a
truth:  issue   issue

test:  active app info until it contains open games .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the maximum documentation for the python documentation .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  headlines out and starts values .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  call   null
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  get the node from the mnist list .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get only project only supports multiple volume .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  is the supplied unicode string as x under x .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  is   unpack
truth:  create   create

test:  load a dictionary of dictionary .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   dask

test:  return a list of the 2d numpy array of corrs functions .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  to   helper

test:  reads out the numa and data from enabling file .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  get   get

test:  testing the "\ntry l{int} to see :func:_access_rule hooks of various loads basic parameters .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   test

test:  read a numpy array with csv file .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  to   helper

test:  get the currently active user or none if no user is currently active .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  get   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  parabolic n comments .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  query   return
truth:  null   values

test:  return the registry for caching block structures .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  null   caches
truth:  run   run

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return an infinite routing api response .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the default levels to use the levels specified by the device .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  returns an request object from a device .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  get   configure
truth:  function   function

test:  get all pairs with a valuesexcept keys .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  get   node
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a dictionary of keys of a given type .
truth: s: string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  wait for the cluster .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  remove a loglikelihood party party file .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse in the mailentry from the xml definition .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  same as a >= b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  return   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  return source and its mapping source to a target mapping .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  source   source
truth:  maps   maps

test:  compress and extract data .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  download   null
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure the rabbitmq vhost exists .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  computes the *l2* kernel .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list all requests associated with a scan .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   vulnerabilities
truth:  list   list

test:  a simple physical unit mapping for specified type .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this script prints a 3-d .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  run   urls
truth:  opens   a

test:  return the aaaa record for domain .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  this - decode binhexed file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  create   create

test:  domain -> str create a new threadpool .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  formats   a

test:  register a string as a po file .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  registers   setup
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  routes the given addon label for the given addon instance .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  selected   shows
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a metadata method and insert an iterable of text .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  function   list
truth:  get   get

test:  thrift distance .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  dot product special paths in an url .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  test the same as the default vlc .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  test   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine whether two axes split when left .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a string is an empty string .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  creates   null

test:  return repr of repr of repr .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the native firetv service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns all consistency groups in a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  computes the computes the computes the average average of a list of params[i] .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get container diffs container container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  get   container
truth:  port   port

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indices of an array along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  init_declarator_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  null   statement_list
truth:  null   struct_declarator_list

test:  convert a color by covers value to an int value .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get root nodes by root node .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  flips   null

test:  computes the absolute error function for a vector .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  mean   mean

test:  considering the jaccard matrix of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  the django server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  catch   django
truth:  null   harvest

test:  this method is registered as ofp_error_code_to_str method into ryu .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  produce a match with floating terms of matrices .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  null   return
truth:  merge   merge

test:  specifies the running database that should run at {success: .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  let   null

test:  create a proxy for an interface which builds .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  create   existence
truth:  create   a

test:  return file path as a another another module .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  return   calls
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the corresponding < that started a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  runs the same as the default context .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  runs   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a checksum checksum used for packets which will receive as a single but doesnt make random socket when random integer .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  calculates   fletcher-16

test:  test fixing positions of raw channel .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  fixing   compare
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to check a valid source .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  function   function
truth:  check   window

test:  return the list of params dict .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find treewidth of two bound to treewidth change on n node using n algorithm .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for features in an undohandle format .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  breaks   up

test:  search for comparison in response code .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  search   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  format an event on the node by the node .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it to it to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  test installing from a assert .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  get the files .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generates   html

test:  list all running modules cli example: .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  list   list
truth:  running   running

test:  check if a given device exists .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return unicode without *obj* .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that synchronizes a function to catch particular public type .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  null   search
truth:  mark   a

test:  return the node that has line number and if they line .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   null
truth:  obtain   line

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns a list of valid fields this function is a list of lines active by the cluster .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  function   method
truth:  make   dict

test:  get path to the directory where a given path is located .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   a

test:  upload a single client from a user or id .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  upload   up
truth:  null   null

test:  set a tab in sync if needed .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  set   validate
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  set remote url for git .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  sets   url
truth:  set   app

test:  restful crud error handler to redirect to the account or flask application which redirects an ssh middleware .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  try   users
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return entries from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  uploads egg to upload a wheel to the world .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  release   pyzmq

test:  return a step of a number of probabilities .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sample   a

test:  validate a bucket name like a boolean name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  generates a key and a dictionary representing a keys id .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return a subplot tool window for testing purposes .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  compute polynomial gcd in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  this function will return the list of u'topic mask .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  show   a
truth:  gives   null

test:  parse the machinectl .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for pass the site'] plugin to the plugin plugin directory .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  to   directories
truth:  add   documentation

test:  get the added paths for the collection .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  unquote python data structure that guarantees parsed from the document .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  null   json
truth:  null   null

test:  the integer in convoluation .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   x

test:  get the context from database or continue .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  get   method
truth:  return   number

test:  basic implementation of theano .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  null   variant
truth:  runs   runs

test:  flatten a given array .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  read data from a stream of a stream .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  simply runs the app .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  hook   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  setup an zeroconf plugin instance .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong classifier object .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test packagefinder finds case links in certain locations .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   finder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  validate a mysql cache api .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  log some message over ssl function .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  call   authentication
truth:  null   null

test:  start the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  start   start
truth:  freeze   null

test:  returns the average over the top level interface .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  sorts   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  issue #1150: for a bug that caused to_string to work .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  read meta data .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  read   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  compute yyyy-mm-dd loss between newaxis]return and tracks .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  return   x
truth:  null   contrast

test:  loads api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   sets
truth:  loads   null

test:  downloads a file or directory .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  downloads   process
truth:  are   null

test:  add least least description to tags .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   tags

test:  load the mimetype .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  load   a
truth:  file   file

test:  an implementation of threads .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  determine if a hash fields exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  return   number
truth:  set   set

test:  construct the name]elif attributes for an object .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  generate   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a named group .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  get all the views and dashboard tensors .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  get   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  check if cpu is being used .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  pull   get
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a random string in length of specified length .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  generates   a

test:  attempt to escape a unicode string into invalid name .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  to   escape
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a complete backend configured with the user .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  null   a
truth:  complete   auth

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  send   packets

test:  return mean of the mean based on the given shape .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  return   image
truth:  mean   mean

test:  outline the file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  null   multiply
truth:  null   chamber

test:  write the whole cache from a obtained .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  single knowledge category view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  null   knowledge
truth:  null   knowledge

test:  returns the vm for a given vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  remove   a

test:  connect to all server param .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  nonefolder the datastore storage file by name .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  resolve   function
truth:  split   split

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  same type as os .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  null   count
truth:  null   null

test:  save the row and save operations for popup' based on popup' tags .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  edit   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  returns an xml functions .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return true if key is more than one of the recognized and zeros are allowed .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  return   check
truth:  keep   null

test:  return the sequence of elements of seq[i] with the highest func .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get an api url .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  null   null
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  repositories all repositories in the repository .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  display   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  provides a importer .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  plots a line with xs and ps .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   call
truth:  plots   a

test:  time series assumes we have been exposed with consecutive .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  null   hac
truth:  null   null

test:  create context from all sql sql statement that runs the correct application .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  create   remote
truth:  update   update

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   users

test:  given a hash .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  given   python
truth:  list   list

test:  path - / .
truth: path  . 
test:  -   -
truth:  null   path

test:  requests a new user by post-call .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  reauthenticates   null
truth:  register   a

test:  puts() should prefix output with env .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  print a command on the debug mode .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  run   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tokenize rule and digests .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   validate
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  gets node registration info from .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   node
truth:  gets   node

test:  matrix of a variable .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  null   one
truth:  try   try

test:  return a list of reverse order symbol according to the new table .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  return   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  test drop-in of low .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  use text matches a jwplayer id to search for past a given id on the file using the given id .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  text   string
truth:  given   a

test:  generate a tar file in the given package .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  require an nginx site to be installed .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  require   enable
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the layer thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a field name .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  null   object
truth:  resolve   a

test:  insert html document and produce the given document in the given document .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   color
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return the value for a field that is a valid dns uri .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  return   null
truth:  value   value

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   zip
truth:  unpack   zip

test:  find the path where you use .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  find   function
truth:  get   a

test:  test to ensure that the base types works as expected .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  resume a decorator to require an addon decorator .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  request   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  create a file dialog for an action which will use with the specified parent key .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  prepare mounted output of the file to provide a folder using the filesystem .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  reset   python
truth:  called   null

test:  save a connected word given a list of strings .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  save   a
truth:  serializes   null

test:  return the gravatar url for a given email address .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  return   url
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  ask a question; return true if the answer is yes .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   show
truth:  ask   a

test:  the main program function to call the interface from the provided interface .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  function   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  set default ruby implementation .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  default   a
truth:  set   set

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  logs a rule log rule .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  log   call
truth:  execute   null

test:  verify that all running root .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  test that a mutable value if the field uses the aws fields .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  render a template string to a conda instance .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  render   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the libtorrent kernel and search for https methods .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  get   a
truth:  importing   try

test:  check if the session cookie is logged in the session .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a font is installed .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a group and set the user authenticate to gid .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  creates   sets
truth:  testing   testing

test:  elementwise sum of a digital .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  null   capture
truth:  mean   mean

test:  save the indicator to status .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  save   attempts
truth:  set   set

test:  test preloading conflicting mask .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  testing   check
truth:  test   len

test:  in ipython save cell .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  build a list of disk cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  build   a
truth:  list   list

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   exclusive_or_expression

test:  this decorator is used to register a node .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  null   refresh
truth:  given   null

test:  check for azure configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  represent   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split a path into components in a platform-neutral way .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  check that group is valid .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  check   create
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks to see if the user has entrance exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  null   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  null   requests
truth:  requests   requests

test:  validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds for the case where none is an error and timeout is valid .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   a

test:  encode the given string using pyopenssl from their answer command .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  escapes   <

test:  list table keys .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  list   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  split text into coherence eg .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  list   list

test:  get the value for the specified container account or the correct value .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to compare comparisons .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  this function will create a slice with the index that zero tensor using the index characters .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  function   replace
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the start and start each row from a list .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  block   block

test:  validate that formset is a valid bool for being a valid one .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write down command and saves a writing file name .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  merges   data
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with valid error .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  make sure hosts defined in env .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  make   use
truth:  if   @hosts

test:  provides permutations in a sequence .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  resolve   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  solves 1st order symbols using the 1st order symbols .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function for network domain .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the default tag name .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test datasetshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   test

test:  return a handle to lims .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  return   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the list of first plugin only the directory: plugin which may be found inside the fallback .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes gamma d measure measure .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  computes   domain
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a tag into .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  match   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  performs a pickle pickle global variables .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  performs   pickles
truth:  loads   null

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create and return a cache host .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  create   create

test:  read and return response .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  open   a
truth:  given   null

test:  run place with 2 abstract app from the celery middleware .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  set   mock
truth:  configures   configures

test:  return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a file update size .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  is   null

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  imagemember no line numbers are marked as expected .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  convert a request to a several 1900 .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  provides   validate
truth:  time   time

test:  cos[ information about a 2-d step .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  helper function to format and return a dict for lists .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get up to delete one or more logins from the object .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  return   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  add ed2k .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   song

test:  any elements in possibly possibly according to the same dimension than 2 .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a db cursor for reading .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get value from 8-bit poly and make the function in the overlay spec .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  to   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  create featured activity references for all featured calls .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  create   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  attribute for a function only supported in the software stub loader .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  function to cache the language cache file .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   connect

test:  test whether column names table with update=false .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  input   test
truth:  null   null

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists in the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  null   current
truth:  module   module

test:  append a fake http response to bypass the http header .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  function   a
truth:  append   a

test:  run the given uname as many gui .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  workaround   s3
truth:  get   get

test:  find best-matching in the mtimes for each endpoint .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  imports   mesh
truth:  return   type

test:  reverse a date/time string .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  take   a
truth:  string   string

test:  a numerically stable algorithm around 1d .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  null   x
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  returns a disjoint atlas for computing the third call .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if course is enabled for the course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  decorator that will run a function sent on reference applications .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  dump a 2d gaussian dict to the correct number of bases/witnesses .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  dump   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  this function return a user object and string appended .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  imports   imports

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  removes a list of users on the system .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   users

test:  make matched text metadata .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  returns the configured path to the api root .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  return a hextochr[item[ integer value .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  return   null
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  private method that returns the full path for the specified server .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  get config dict from normal application value .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  config   returns
truth:  copies   copies

test:  retrieve information about a single task cli example: .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  list   return
truth:  block   block

test:  enable maintenance mode .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  enable   maintenance
truth:  disable   maintenance

test:  verifies that the signature of a certificate is present .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  create   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the full url to the bootstrap theme default value: none this value .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write a trees in newick format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  given a number of tokens with identical letters .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  given   method
truth:  splits   a

test:  find a field in the book .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  find   return
truth:  find   find

test:  set the multiplier from multiplier segment .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a string to hex hex string the given number of a service string .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the path to use .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   null

test:  get the file files which have a given file type .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  returns   files
truth:  files   files

test:  copy copy of an gettotalrefcount .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  copy   install
truth:  run   testcase

test:  return a specified url .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  return   null
truth:  request   multiple

test:  a 'dimmustbelessorequalthantheoriginaldimension'data decorator for computing unique counters .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to import the module from pillar .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  to   module
truth:  get   get

test:  test to see if a list is a list of expected items .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return information about dev user in dev appserver returns none if there is none .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   user

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are force a given force name the guest guest additions .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  normalizes   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  provide   null

test:  return a list of dictionaries and remove a single set of dictionaries .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   get

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  null   date
truth:  null   date

test:  returns a tuple suds state .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given integers f .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   integers
truth:  given   integers

test:  returns user with non-existing user .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  construct   user
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the movie title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   movie
truth:  set   movie

test:  convert a class to max or pil model .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  null   solve
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   inverse

test:  update speech records .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   connection
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the number of cpu flags for the given cpu .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of distances .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   a
truth:  chop   a

test:  last access for collection of the last links link .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  null   links
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  setup the covers component .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  setup   service
truth:  track   states

test:  list http http response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  list   response
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns true if the graph is successors in the graph g .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  produce   edges

test:  the smallest derivative function .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if arg is too provided .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  gets   null

test:  helper function to do a random random identifier .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  performs   helper
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read sub-group features from a file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   feature

test:  extract elements from sequence .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  empty   a

test:  deprecated: send the email on one email address .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  send   authentication
truth:  email   email

test:  three  .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  null   a
truth:  separate   a

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  computes the circular number of circular elements along an axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  computes   shutdown
truth:  null   range

test:  main function for the main function .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  null   flask
truth:  null   entry

test:  check if a port can be checked by strict .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the url returned by http url .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  file   a
truth:  add   add

test:  dummy function for creating an exception that should have some arbitrary function .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  a qk for one use in the base array .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the leading compatible encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns the standard deviation of the probability distribution see :func:_access_rule .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  returns   elements
truth:  null   deviation

test:  create a bunch of the github node .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  function   function

test:  returns: the list of names of the object names in this module .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  to   null
truth:  list   list

test:  like lo .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  change deluser info for a user .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  lowpass butterworth filter - very python2 filter - rather than analog from analog filter .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  find the increasing sequences in the list of pairs list .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  find   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  retry -> execute a function with the given args and timeout .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   a

test:  return the absolute path of a package name .
truth: given a package . 
test:  return   package
truth:  given   a

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function returns a report report to the given number report .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  function   a
truth:  input   number

test:  just like multiauth .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a letter code .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   a

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  return a url for profile .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  return   avatar
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the addon for the given addon .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  are   null
truth:  return   json

test:  import an returnpackage instance from the given module .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  import   configuration
truth:  to   try

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   gear
truth:  set   gear

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that end-point are not present .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create new .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  creates   fixture
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  download a file-like object to s3 .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  start various thorium .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  start   start
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a git path to an consistent tree format .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  convert   fs
truth:  convert   a

test:  list all slack users .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   list

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  return dictionary where n == a in gf(p)[x] .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  construct a traverse instance from an instance .
truth: version of node . 
test:  construct   helper
truth:  null   version

test:  send an ip connection to a seed device .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  allow   information
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  if so that the request headers will only be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns an array of matrices from shared types or just matrices by coefs checks and sympy series of expressions .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   derivative

test:  returns a function with the primary entry from the given key .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  maps   list
truth:  list   list

test:  flag distribution function using a distribution parameters using a distribution .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   conditions
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  return the size on a cidr pattern .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  return   map
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  translate a yyyy-mm-dd value to its text: bits .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  if   null

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clears   a

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  install a disk server with the default status and check profiles .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  install   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  requests   requests

test:  ensure that the list of files in the list of files that have a list of files .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  validate the credentials input status .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  validate   query
truth:  make   null

test:  the zmq curve should have a valid curve .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  null   null
truth:  bundled   libzmq

test:  serve any email files .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  watch when ajax user has been delete .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  list   null
truth:  post   post

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  render aggregate templates .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  null   get
truth:  aggregate   aggregate

test:  aux function for os .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  function   sample
truth:  null   component

test:  sum of two elements .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  sum   string
truth:  add   add

test:  helper function to convert datetime to a dictionary with old days .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  deletes a topic from the given topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  creates a package name that has no assistant state .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  null   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  apply derivative of keystr function for each hyperbolic relu function .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  array   enrollment
truth:  apply   apply

test:  the views .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   a

test:  teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  is   up
truth:  teardown   teardown

test:  runs the python function in the given python module .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  runs   python
truth:  performs   a

test:  searches an arbitrary meg type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  solve   check
truth:  ensure   a

test:  get the module appropriate for the user .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  sets   implements
truth:  null   null

test:  return the flocker node from the given distribution .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   callback
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of memcached for the memcache version .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  print the standardized information for each page of the given file-like object .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  print   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns input .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  safe context for comprehensive operating system .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  interpret   set
truth:  function   function

test:  try to update a new-style shell .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  to   update
truth:  to   data

test:  dump the private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  exponent exponent .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  null   print
truth:  return   return

test:  test parsing hash .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  test   label
truth:  evoked   test

test:  return the infiles line containing infiles filepaths .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  mount a mount target .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  group file description of present .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  resolve   groups
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check whether addon is trusted for the given addon .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  check   check
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return a list of all directories on the remotes .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function for connecting a new url .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  null   return
truth:  make   urls

test:  transforms features into a 2d image suitable for testing .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  transforms   configs
truth:  features   features

test:  test media form in a multivariate form that same as non-shiny out a new user that have no form that the media form that the media url .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  use   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ticket edit .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  starts a sequence of code calls .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  block   routine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  get the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   up
truth:  query   query

test:  return a list of collation to the database .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  returns   fake
truth:  set   set

test:  add beveled truncated truncated run_on_app_servers object to derivation .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  check if text is present in the css selector .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  build validation message .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  create   null
truth:  build   build

test:  when signature:: use isinstance() instead of policy .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  look   null

test:  get a mock configured with the appropriate configured coordination from the appropriate url .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the elementwise strength of a tuple operator .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  multivariate   x
truth:  extract   x

test:  return a single string of hex encoding from the given hex string .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  loop through the executable and returns the number of times .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  default   a
truth:  null   counting

test:  update container stats .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  perform   request
truth:  update   a

test:  detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   entities
truth:  detects   entities

test:  print usage data from the context .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  error   logs
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode an rfc string using the rfc encoding .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  string   string

test:  display a repo from the /etc/opkg/* .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  if   null
truth:  show   a

test:  a decorator that can be used in a wsgi request .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  list   factory
truth:  null   decorator

test:  helper method to get user info from a course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  usually decorator to require the permission rest api views .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  null   a
truth:  use   use

test:  show all status .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  show   lists
truth:  get   get

test:  add a batch in the database .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  add   add
truth:  prepend   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the denoiser mapping file containing the denoiser mapping file .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  list   a
truth:  read   data

test:  get raw channels .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   parses
truth:  get   get

test:  cast a json method to an integer method .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  infrastructure' add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  edit   add
truth:  null   new

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   html
truth:  decodes   html

test:  reorder this assumes that camelcase values is nans and initial kind of the first matrix comparison .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  null   init
truth:  check   check

test:  quotes the " and characters in a string and surrounds with " .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   in

test:  return the replacement namespace or from namespace .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  return   return
truth:  validate   app

test:  extract the tags from a source and use in a list of lt* .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   messages

test:  test to make sure that html writer will not use multi-dimensional columns if the html writer parameter is false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  test line with same ~/abc .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  show   a
truth:  test   test

test:  sets the existing value of a microsite parameter .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  setting   setting

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   a

test:  sync apps for all apps in the import .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   sync
truth:  sync   custom

test:  returns account class associated with the given name .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  set up the z-wave platform .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  converts callback to utf-8 .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  given   a

test:  return a simple index definition to an specified host .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  return   set
truth:  host   host

test:  get raw data from an rfc mime message .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  get   null
truth:  test   test

test:  a feedback url .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  url   elements
truth:  null   a

test:  add a test to new package .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  label   module
truth:  add   a

test:  test adding html report to html .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  build   null
truth:  adding   test

test:  encrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using decrypter .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  encrypts   returns
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  mask mask function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   null
truth:  mask   generation

test:  set views to views across the current image .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  save   remove
truth:  convert   image

test:  return the tool shed repository for the given repository on the repository as installable .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  handle a message and add debug code to the logger .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  needed   null

test:  returns a url for the current request .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns a dict containing the local json file or none .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   dummy
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes the image .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  takes   features
truth:  increase   image

test:  render filters filters .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  compare unorderable version of non items in a1 but for pretty mode/char .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  null   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  recursively return a nested list of little data .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dumps   a

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  null   period
truth:  null   period

test:  decorator that checks results in numpy and cupy are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  retrieve a json structure from the given string .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  list   validate
truth:  update   a

test:  retrieves the session session by name using the session session .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the directory path for the project specified as relative to the tests/ directory .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  check to see if the given default scheduler has been reached .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  null   datetime

test:  disallow disallow .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  return   os
truth:  disallow   os

test:  return categorical .
truth: if possible . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  wrapper to make a tabs name .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  to   a
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  take a string and return a list of embedded styles .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  take   style
truth:  null   helper

test:  retry the function .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  retry   retry
truth:  executes   null

test:  updates implementation of build properties .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks that value is a valid wamp wamp quote .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the int value .
truth: get the int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if size is a network that only for network - a network query string containing the given size and only .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return date where the given date was allocated in the expected date format .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   values

test:  returns last user specified in feedback form .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  extract   null

test:  run unicode representation of a string .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  check   sample
truth:  truncates   null

test:  make a tuple of things from data structure .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  calls   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find pool[' pool pools by reattempt and return a list of their identity .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  find   null
truth:  given   identity

test:  return up to a number of multiplier elements in a string .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  get   number
truth:  round   method

test:  return a dict of parsed link headers proxies .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  to do the response data for the login responses .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a full image with src and results matching the dimensions .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  return   like
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the code properties for the given image key .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  determine   flavor
truth:  extract   null

test:  check if the process is disabled in the upstart service .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  if   app
truth:  null   null

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  find   multiline
truth:  are   null

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  finds and returns the version of a package on the given name .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  finds   matplotlib
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  reduce a thread with a given other and b .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  null   prefix
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a service from the given service .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the homematic platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return a random circle of given number .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  return   mpl
truth:  polygon   polygon

test:  merge text into an element .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  text   indexing
truth:  removes   null

test:  runs a file in a given file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  process   process

test:  get the intermediate points inside the begin that would be last end .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  construct a mapping of options from a options object .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the specified module entries in the given module .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  return   null
truth:  place   a

test:  remove duplicates from list preserving unique elements .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  duplicates   duplicates
truth:  return   a

test:  return a dimension name .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return cpu number from cpu config .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  list untrusted files for the scripts .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  null   script
truth:  null   helper

test:  yaml: build-user-vars this plugin shows a list of builds that runs the html files with the order of the program argument .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a release in the list of flags .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   data

test:  convert tokens to dict .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource component page header .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  null   page
truth:  header   header

test:  creates a client for working with cloud cloud cloud name .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that mrtextclassifier in writing of path .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  testing   test
truth:  is   null

test:  login to a user .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  parse metadata and return the network script .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  formats a list of command-line arguments to use in the system .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  pass   decorator
truth:  execute   a

test:  makes a line from specified blues .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  crop   crop

test:  list locally installed packages on this minion cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  import a module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  module   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled gmail]' .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  returns a form field for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as a >= b .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the vlan id specified in the host with the vlan specified .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  return   reference
truth:  gets   null

test:  the sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  null   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the adjacency matrix for g .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  application source utility used by client .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  null   texture
truth:  download   appstats

test:  create a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a module is valid .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  if   transforms
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns true if the string is a '9 .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  s   s

test:  return a person tag that contains no keyword arguments .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  return   tagvalue
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a remote host for the network device .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  returns   files
truth:  files   files

test:  generate the json dict of categories for a process .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  sign   options
truth:  parses   parses

test:  the series series modulo a series of composite numbers .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  null   fft
truth:  returns   a

test:  create multiple key in multiple keys that have multiple keys .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the list of available audio output modules .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the longest state of an contiguous tensor .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   alias

test:  return a bit maximum distance between a1 .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   max

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the search rank number .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a capabilities file from a capabilities proto .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  method for describing specified repository and return a dictionary .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  start : specifier_qualifier_list specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  null   null
truth:  start   start

test:  catch any paging from a running server cli example: .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  disable   paramiko
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  given an index object .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  choose   null

test:  callback that catches exceptions on certain arguments .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  given an object to a field .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  print   add
truth:  add   add

test:  create a container volume .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   null

test:  declare an item by key function .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  coerce value to a json string .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  value   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  completion for "cd" .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   completion

test:  escape html characters for a given iterable .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  sets all modules that are not in the given sequence of values .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  disable   null

test:  finds the sorted leaves for a sorted list of sorted indices .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  get   get

test:  test some checks for a ee backend .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  test   rows
truth:  check   check

test:  get the sysctl device .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a random integer of the integers .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  return   information
truth:  choose   randomly

test:  stores the due date extension and creates a given unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  sets   a

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a linestyle'] linestyle .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  test rocaucchannel .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   rocaucchannel
truth:  test   test

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  test show_fiff for equivalence .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   wavefront
truth:  io   io

test:  accepts a new options object and proceed the user for a new user .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  null   cobbler

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the document .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update an existing user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  multiply the simple norm function .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  solve   pad
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  since a task clock .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a formatted message for display .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return sparse matrix after given axes and y .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a url or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a logical 'lvthinpool' from a thin thin location .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  estimate with best information from the expected value of k data .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  the smallest integer k such that k*d >= n .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   size

test:  disable service via monit cli example: .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  return data for bookmarks of a server .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  add a new exporter to the dictionary .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  determines whether logging should be changed .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  determines   variance
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  temporarily connect a signal handler .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  context   context

test:  trigger a task in them to given period .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  set   import
truth:  run   run

test:  return true if the given node matches the given patterns .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  replace   volume
truth:  update   volume

test:  validates and produce a list of strings from common pseudoprime .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  validates   row
truth:  makes   a

test:  return the global parallel math from the unit math .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  return   nd
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper around verified .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add a command to the handy hacks .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  add   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  convert to ansi .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  to   convert

test:  return flag options for auto options .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  a helper method for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a response with json serializable + the response .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the valid domain_name sleeps tries to detect each appearance error point .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get code based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  delete a vocabulary vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get users .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  get   users
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a rdbms engine object from django django engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  opens a .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  opens   checks
truth:  compare   compare

test:  convert obj to an object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  obj   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  the localhost between several precomputed .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   offsets

test:  set the extension extension by its name .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  set   extension
truth:  loads   multiple

test:  djangos djangos times and strip po files .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return an '% range string .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  return   instances
truth:  does   null

test:  does a single filename .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  to   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  download a new sync object .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  download   null
truth:  null   a

test:  determine a gravatar to gravatar using http response .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a new axis along an axis .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the logging level .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  revoke   null

test:  log a message usage:: logging .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  log   log
truth:  logs   a

test:  clears the redis cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  wrapper around iscsi clock .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turns   null

test:  decorator for remote function .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  handler for filters .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run untranslated info .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  run   djangos
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the matrix exponential using taylor series .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a fake isapproved .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  dummy plugin registration .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  a version of abs .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  if the given node is abstract such that the list of abstract tuples .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the stk500v2 port .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   point
truth:  point   point

test:  create a reduced reduced reduced paths .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  test   obj
truth:  return   a

test:  return a setting .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  defines   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates an authsubtoken object and sets uri value and url value from a uri value .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  test the expected value of a slack dataset .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  null   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  read a python string .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  read   decode
truth:  takes   null

test:  resets the random seed of the markov markov .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves useless ternary equations .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check for kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  split   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  return   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the relayiplist list for the smtp virtual server .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate text from a defined string .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  text   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of services .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the circle nodes from a path .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  is any character which matches any character which is not in the string |s| .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a string version of the string that contains right python 2 .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  input   input

test:  check that all permission objects related to be created and dumps the rule returned by permission checks on the current user .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  call fallocate size and return its tcp image .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  call   returns
truth:  null   disk

test:  transforms a list of candidates into a transform instance .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  transforms   vms
truth:  given   jenkins

test:  default list of matching folders .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  null   js
truth:  null   pages

test:  copy src to the directory and extract the result and should be used .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   replace
truth:  copy   copy

test:  this function takes a codeobj ifname from the ifname is x .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write tree to a given tree .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  link   link

test:  get the release id with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an artist key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  date first str in the sudo servers like a list of strings are managed intervals for one or more than one or all filter instances .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   role

test:  returns a new integer and the nearest nbits value for the integer .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ping external urls when an entry is saved .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ping   directories
truth:  ping   ping

test:  test installing a wheel with installer .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  generate a document from supplied uuid object .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  format   format

test:  create or create a post .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 signature .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  check whether target is for the given target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  check   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  create file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  assert that handling and handlers are equal .
truth: test event order . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  test   event

test:  return lines of python 2 .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  clean   up

test:  decorator to add hosts for a list of hosts .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  use   decorator
truth:  defining   decorator

test:  only get networks by id or id .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  load   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the page class for a django page class .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a int64 image .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  takes   up
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add manifest xml from name .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the neato sensor .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  hsub version of downstream characters .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  hashing   uses

test:  superuser py .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  config   config

test:  runs proxy with old process .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  catch   null
truth:  create   create

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the second kind and its derivative .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  compute   filtering
truth:  null   numbers

test:  convert the given unit: gb in unit to human readable format .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  format   datetime
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  read 64bit matrix from bti file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  read   a
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  writes data to the machine type for the specified data .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test working copy when a user already exists and has sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  testing   working
truth:  working   working

test:  converts url into an plex- url .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  url   a
truth:  appends   appends

test:  preview of the user .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   preview

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   copyright
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  convert keys with nested value to a dict .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the key name for the given column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  find a group key in its book notation .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  find   size
truth:  to   try

test:  get path to datadir in this datadir .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  finds   null

test:  queries an url to the given url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  evaluates   convert
truth:  given   a

test:  create a conn object from a blob .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  create and return a mock ip .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   configuration

test:  starts running tests .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  saves   method
truth:  start   start

test:  show the details from a scaleway baremetal server .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return the separate clustering of a given distance matrix parameters matrix : ndarray matrix of distance from all empty clustering filepath or unicode matrix matrix a matrix of decompresses to
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert data onto an axis .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fft   fft

test:  returns a class from a module and a module .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adapted   null

test:  partial bermudez .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  null   show
truth:  if   check

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  emulate unicode function .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  return   x

test:  send the new .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  check   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return a list of the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   change
truth:  change   change

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  load   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  weighted the b-spline function for any arguments .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  null   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  build win32 target to system via os .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  returns an array filled with decreasing numbers .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  sets edges in nbunch format .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the url is running for a given url .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a fixed ip by fixed address .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  test if configoptionparser file with available .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  if   server
truth:  if   test

test:  compute polynomial exact pseudo-quotient of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  this test sig: function .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  null   rendering
truth:  null   null

test:  check if git version is available on this system .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  ensure   null

test:  initialize to django ec2 format .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  to   data
truth:  download   rsa

test:  get the loops from loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  get   get
truth:  loops   loops

test:  view for interpolate_tuple .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  js   redirects
truth:  view   view

test:  verifies if a step is open dns dns status .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  convert   convert

test:  this decorator will infer classes arent cmdmod .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  null   create
truth:  if   return

test:  returns the *l2* norm of f(x) lim .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  calculates   l2

test:  performs uniform hermite interpolation .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  smooth   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  escape the given token using missing values .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  escape   return
truth:  null   backslashes

test:  return the shortest transformation of elements for n from the graph .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  return   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  hook object that handles the object .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  object   object
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of nodes in the graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   return
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  creates a string tar command for testing .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of schemas items for each module .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get known btrfs formatted devices on the system .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  known   return
truth:  known   get

test:  average true range .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   average

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find statement which will serialize the given node .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  check we want to load the test files in /static/scripts/tools/sahana .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  resolve   package
truth:  get   get

test:  returns flavor metadata fields from glance to the flavor ref .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  returns   fill
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws transcoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gives email preferences for receive editor .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  email   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  convert a string to a list of strings .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  given   element
truth:  separate   null

test:  return a function by name .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  elementwise return the value of a variable .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  test   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to parse a pyserial .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  only work on freebsd systems with setquota binary available .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  work   runs
truth:  load   load

test:  turn a list of module classes into a theano list of make_node objects .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  turn   gaussian
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  release a lease fixed from host .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  release   get
truth:  called   null

test:  get the text file in a directory the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return art db should be registered for cylinder .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  return   repr
truth:  dump   null

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  generate an ip address from a string .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if the provided dict is a dict .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  if   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and the leading coefficient .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  check that the path list are a child directory .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  null   render
truth:  null   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode string into an unicode string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   register
truth:  transliterate   null

test:  return the sha-1 hash of the given path .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  path and causes a theme using theme methods .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  check   delete
truth:  link   link

test:  returns an executable path to the given 'paml files .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  return a human readable representation of the provided size .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  return   array
truth:  print   sizes

test:  return current time listing the given time specifying cli example: .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the squared central moment / variance**2 - binomial value from rfc variance**2 - binomial central central central central moment moment .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  computes   representer
truth:  is   null

test:  fixture to test fixture fixture with a mocked node .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a scalar to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  write source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a number to a string .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the pids of a process instance .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a string of characters into an integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  converts   a

test:  tickets filtered by current user .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  filtered   view
truth:  filtered   tickets

test:  data data compress and return the compressed string .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  null   s
truth:  return   return

test:  render the data passing the functions and grains into the rendering system :rtype: string .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  return the return value of 2-element variables .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a set of allowed objects is given .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  if   model
truth:  works   works

test:  add a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  add   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a version of python version .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a converted points to a sequenceexample .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   latitude

test:  determines if this request is allowed to be a given host .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   a

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  set   log
truth:  log   log

test:  renders a template for a secrets context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  renders   fields
truth:  render   a

test:  setup cover controlled by shell commands .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  set   up
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the last argument value .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   rl_forward_char
truth:  test   test

test:  set some data .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  set   null
truth:  close   close

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return locale from the request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   locale
truth:  return   locale

test:  classify data numbers based on sequences of float numbers of length 3 using a single layer of gru units .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  float   float
truth:  apply   a

test:  only work on windows where the dism module is available .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  returns write navigation string as a clickable version .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  convert   values
truth:  return   rootobject

test:  get the current movie time time .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given an object .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  text   null
truth:  write   html

test:  compute an x radon radon radon transform for an axis radon integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the role function .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  return   return
truth:  lists   database

test:  close one of the django management command .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   data

test:  register a globally .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  register   return
truth:  shuts   null

test:  find a regular expression is a regex that matches the magic call for an absolute path .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  find   map
truth:  null   expression

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  check if a filename is a valid .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   a

test:  only load if the timezone module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  adds properties and bytes to bytes .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  determine vector math .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  determine   network
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for move widgets to extra widgets .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  creates   selection
truth:  moving   handle

test:  resample the specified image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  file   felsenszwalbs
truth:  returns   a

test:  const : name like older flags: or a child path field_type : .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  null   null

test:  safely delete a directory and all its files created .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the identifier of brands when passed brands to set .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  null   convenience

test:  make a collection of inventory data .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  check   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  outline the file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  preface   temperature
truth:  alteration   a

test:  write all open packets in and triggers them to stdout .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  write   iterator
truth:  print   a

test:  deletes pending changes .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  using   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  convert a ip address to a object .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  signal a job to be executed when jid is called .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  signal   return
truth:  sends   a

test:  get gcode line with the first occurence of the first occurence of the first occurence of the first occurence of the first line .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   null

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  updates a bson database .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   bson

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  test that an existing project cant be removed its fullname .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  plots   directories
truth:  projects   projects

test:  perform the given email to verify that the corresponding root pattern is a valid modname: .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  perform   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  detect if out['stderr']ret['result'] is actually a engine .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  test   configuration

test:  resolve a toctree .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  resolve   replaces
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack any drivers to a specified filename .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  filename   filename

test:  updates volume types with volume type .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  update   volume

test:  get the amount of computer .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  post   guess
truth:  displays   null

test:  issue a vector with a excluded on/off parameters model : ndarray the upper triangular encoded rss : ndarray 1-d array of weighted file .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  show a message .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  start   null
truth:  test   test

test:  executes the zeroize and reuturns the given name .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  compute l21 norm .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  null   norm

test:  execute command line options and parse it into an error message .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pass   in

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set a password to use the auth server to connect to a password .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  set   use
truth:  adds   authentication

test:  convert a numpy byte array to a bit array .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the cookie in the user as appropriate for the optional user .
truth: set g . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  create a signal handler for the current machine .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the factory name for use in the uninstalling memory .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   memory

test:  helper function to find the position in a string of possible words .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  take   return
truth:  replace   replace

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  set the given security group with the given properties and update them .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  set   a
truth:  update   a

test:  mount the default location .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  to   return
truth:  mount   mount

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a thumbnail image .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  get   get

test:  assert that long is readme at directory description is a str .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   create

test:  get the regexp that should be looked into a point under the right types .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   safety

test:  same as a .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  convert   binary

test:  repeat repeat generator repeatedly until a callable is expected .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  provides a dominating neighborhoods for a node .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  uploads the sample .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  uploads   method
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return a uniform implementation of uniform uniform implementation the current set of uniform uniform the start of uniform implementation .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  return   namespace
truth:  null   distribution

test:  return json object to json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the front group group with a front or the specified size .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  download   download

test:  makes the screen go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  add value into a string .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  value   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  shorthand for creating socket connections .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  group any of the given group .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  bench   command
truth:  null   tools

test:  get repository metadata defined for a repository .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  get   repository
truth:  return   a

test:  internal helper function for modules in a package name .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  import   a

test:  test that bayesian information ssr[ + completing parameters .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  boolean   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure that a string is valid .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  generate standard sample ar for arma process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  generate   standard
truth:  simulate   garch

test:  remove whitespace from the beginning of the internally .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create an students and enroll in the student table .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  create   course
truth:  enroll   a

test:  default forum request .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  assigns   view
truth:  view   view

test:  always return a list with the given path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this function is intended for a dataset with the nearest parameters left : list of trace and capitalized the values of the trace driver .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  like   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if any of the url is present on the command .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add new comments to given parent element .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  add   root
truth:  update   update

test:  return a in-memory element .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   rss

test:  helper function to add source .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  source   create
truth:  to   helper

test:  update a query to location .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  fix   text
truth:  return   return

test:  install latest config file .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  require   conda

test:  set the locale for a given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  set   set
truth:  fake   version

test:  register a url .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   extension

test:  fit distargs yet on distribution parameters data : distribution .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  plot   return
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  enable or disable the same thread .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  perform   find
truth:  if   check

test:  set limited to authenticate authentication and password .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  set   set

test:  returns true if a string can be a valid format .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  determine   null

test:  remove html character .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  adds a ruby implementation to a specific ruby implementation .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if a string is valid .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  if   notification
truth:  null   sensors

test:  sets the global deviation .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  sets   runs
truth:  track   track

test:  api will {'owner' {'owner' url for github repository .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  figure   drop
truth:  to   api

test:  this fixture does the total data for each row that are only present in choices .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  internal helper function to create the certificate at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  return a valid sqs id given the sqs config .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  show a user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  convert a pil image to a qubit matrix .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the position as a regexp function .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns an absolute path to standard history file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  save   null

test:  loads parameters .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  look   null

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  expected   null

test:  yaml: '[dry]' publish trend reports with '[dry]' .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the bulk jail .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  return   find
truth:  run   bulk

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the number of logical cpus in the system (same as os .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the submissions for the unique submissions for the default values .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an arbitrary string to a standard name any runs pairs in a single string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return object types for functions .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  object   obj
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of meters by source and headers .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  elementwise activation function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  elementwise   sin

test:  this filter does nothing but for use in the string and return a url that we meet the query string .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  query   a
truth:  query   query

test:  ask for a askdirectory outputs .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  utility function that checks if an indexed validator is not a valid validator .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  function   validate
truth:  goes   null

test:  api: send a test to notification test .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  execute   test
truth:  send   send

test:  get all volume types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine a warning for an ssh error .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  run the wrapper for smtp output .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  return a class name .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get details and prepare cache node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  hostname   details
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  check for digitalocean configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  return the url to the specified url .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  add   auth

test:  returns the first letter of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  convert a plotly class that cannot use some plotly api .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  convert   validates
truth:  validate   a

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  return   way
truth:  shared   theano

test:  initiate n tree between python objects representing a tuple the tuple l .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  array   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  insert items into an categories .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   null
truth:  seek   null

test:  escape a text to a string .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   values

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  elementwise   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  return options .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  return the details of a organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  return   a
truth:  purge   null

test:  return a list of users users user .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  separates   users

test:  generate a replay string for each type arguments: - output writable .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  testing   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to see if a virtualserver exists cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  convert to binary object .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a repository types which needs an generic repository types when a new one of the current repository types are dynamically .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  given   a
truth:  called   null

test:  the last number of multipolar elements of n to top where zero coefficients is equal .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute shortest paths between all nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse the app label into a single config .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  null   a
truth:  take   a

test:  return a dict describing the enabled stub for a given host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  return   null
truth:  simulates   null

test:  add a new description to nova cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  method to retrieve the report policies from csp policies specified into a given response object .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  converts a number of pennies .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  null   upgrade
truth:  null   price

test:  utility function for matplotlib markers .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  display   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a random integer size given a number of making an integer size .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   size

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   null
truth:  are   null

test:  computes a chunk from a tuple .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   getitem

test:  expression : .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  return true if the object is a generator object .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cm service 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   service

test:  discover a list of strings .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  escape   return
truth:  null   shape

test:  turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  render an html handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  error   view
truth:  default   default

test:  process the tree in sys .
truth: map command . 
test:  process   process
truth:  command   command

test:  decorator for testing .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  cleanup   background
truth:  handle   irc

test:  copies selection .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  is   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  conditional formatting version of html .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   null

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  given a vpc object and a vpc id or name .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  returns   vpc
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract javascript file name from xml file .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  extract   in
truth:  return   message

test:  return contact for a linear offsets of inputs .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  return   row
truth:  makes   null

test:  plot the function of the valid subplots .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  plot   console
truth:  create   create

test:  add an authentication results .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dict with the benchmark urls .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  return   stop
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the specified user preference with the specified key .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  helper function to get a pager object from the current request .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  function   print
truth:  null   null

test:  get a list of all limit for this server .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  warning warnings and warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  warnings   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  return only the same path to what typestr or a same same b .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  verify the case of an email too weighting .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  creates a model instance for an energy .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  given   a

test:  detect modules with from __future__ import absolute_import .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  detect   module
truth:  code   code

test:  retrieve html: roles for user detailed .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   standard
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a code indicating js request .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  adds   return
truth:  if   null

test:  test that we can construct a gradient or a power off dist[ .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a row from the given file .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  most an order by specified order on this system .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  place   place

test:  detach the specified policy from the specified policy returns {attached: true} if the policy was attached {attached: false} if the specified policy was attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the zigbee port and port based on host .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  config   config

test:  decorator for concrete update_device .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a given status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  produce a literal clause clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  return   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  return a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   replacement
truth:  return   a

test:  get data belonging to a pull request .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  makes   list
truth:  pull   pull

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  encrypts the specified command against the password to manage the function .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  encrypts   return
truth:  format   format

test:  apply the available metric .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  split a column name into tuples .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  split   format
truth:  null   multiple

test:  get the virtual storage volume .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for more iterables .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a user for .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  add   add

test:  fill an libraries file object .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification with order invoice link after a purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   waits
truth:  send   notification

test:  list the 'sysctl'ret modules which have not been run by different minion cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  adds initial state to a task .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  adds   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  returns a unicode value in the unicode string .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  declare   a

test:  builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tgrep2 r+1 a theano n from a theano matrix .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  on windows .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are not equal up to desired objects .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  raises   returns
truth:  lists   lists

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  handles password process password .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  password   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  st -> compositeness .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  null   a
truth:  lambda   lambda

test:  return the canonicalized absolute path as a dotted module .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gives   null

test:  converts a chain containing a special tuples .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  constructs and returns the availability flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  takes from the distribution .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns the current 2 codec .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  used   function

test:  test filter bar .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  filter   test
truth:  tests   editor

test:  creates a bucket object for a given image name .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the naive variance of the last element .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  test reconstruction .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  like perls die() .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  like   call
truth:  print   a

test:  compute shortest source time .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   representation
truth:  induced   compute

test:  create a string mapping number from a python long .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flip   a

test:  copies the given parameter to the list of parameter parameters parameter : sampleid list of parameter names .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  filters   method
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if a process is running on a specific pid .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  both the user and redirect language .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  to   translation
truth:  adds   new

test:  include iri and trailing backslash spaces .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  null   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  adds a schema from the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  makes a application that returns the application .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  function   return
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  rewrite of 3d player otherwise .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  null   null
truth:  limit   limit

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check if a lvs driver exists .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  pick   pick

test:  fail a case group fails when .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  is   a
truth:  model   a

test:  helper to set the value in dictionary keys .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  to   sets
truth:  to   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a path name matching a given image label .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  return   image

test:  creates selected song playlist .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  saves   method
truth:  delete   a

test:  setup redis redis information .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  setup   database
truth:  starts   null

test:  filters a list of dictionaries .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  field'] the resource identifier .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  documents the resource action action for a numeric action .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   a
truth:  documents   a

test:  return the storage for caching block structures .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  post the changes applied by a salt job jid the job id to lookup config configuration name .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  undo   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  output unique mapping of mappings based on mappings .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  parsed   fasta
truth:  split   split

test:  publish a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  publish   messages

test:  the enough way should not try to support data .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   a

test:  restores a config file back in place back in place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  restores   a

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all non-overlapping matches in the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  return   escape
truth:  to   try

test:  return an soa record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  return   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return the directed connectivity of g .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  null   digraph

test:  test that the colorbar blank version of the list can not be initialized via the entire wrapper .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  return   test
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a 410 status code indicating a specified status .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine whether we are running in the base .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  determine   distutils
truth:  returns   returns

test:  close the outlines .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  retry   null
truth:  returns   stdout

test:  read a key file and return the contents of the given filename .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  read   helper
truth:  null   a

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns true if the given user is valid .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  if   auth
truth:  if   auth

test:  the permissions for json with json from uuid .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  null   a
truth:  request   permission

test:  check whether a checker looks like an invalid tool shed looks for the checker looks through the checker tool .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   get
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   fetch
truth:  given   vpc

test:  load application config file specified in config .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  load   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  force msgpack line .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  debug   attempt
truth:  null   frame

test:  generates a list of available results from a string args: a list of dictionaries with integer .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  generates   list
truth:  list   list

test:  show the cassandra information for this cluster .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  set certain references in the given document .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  set   set
truth:  find   find

test:  upgrade python script or not .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  upgrade   verbose
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  null   null
truth:  work   work

test:  create a list from a dict .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   add
truth:  index   index

test:  check if ipv4 address represents a ipv6 address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  if   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  return true if the given user meets the specified cron mask .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  terminate   fake
truth:  null   replacement

test:  verify that the given cookie is present .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   users

test:  print an error message .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  find actual string in its data .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  find   a
truth:  parse   data

test:  gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version specified .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   version
truth:  gets   null

test:  convert the color number in a string .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  locate   attempts
truth:  return   a

test:  format api list to identifiers .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  resnet-200 model of [1] model .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   up
truth:  model   model

test:  create a new action configured in an action call .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  if   check
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return a string where the given application path exists in the project .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  retrieve the log file and return its log location .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  load   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  set the user headers in the response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  construct   view
truth:  adds   null

test:  saves a repository .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  go   arp
truth:  opens   a

test:  wait until client exists in a client server .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  wait   snapshot
truth:  make   multiple

test:  returns image metadata for image name .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  get   image

test:  service edit .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  test various threads and delete s3 threads .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of directories to be given above dir .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  read from counters .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   parse
truth:  read   reflog

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  utility method to create a same url from utility .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  to   change
truth:  if   checks

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  using   check
truth:  adding   check

test:  returns a string wrapped function .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the x01 distance between d polynomials .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  return   time
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a general transform or cosine-type transform f(k) = a int_0^oo b*sin f(x) dx .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  convert a bcd .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the fraction from a string *x* according to a fraction of fraction .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  return   null
truth:  fixed   null

test:  return the mixing matrix for the given attribute .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a padded object for a multistring .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  diff[ this function is very direction test parameters weights : int number of autocorrelation [1] are desired .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  form   null
truth:  null   product

test:  return output of expected length .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  ping   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  get the number of scsi devices .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  get   in
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the norm dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  issue issue .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  validates   desktop
truth:  null   python

test:  return list of subprocess lines from git formatting file .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  multi-dimensional correlation .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  correlation   correlation
truth:  null   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  read samples from a table .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   start
truth:  read   data

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against one big variables parameters nm : int number of variables returns contr : ndarray .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  null   contrast

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal horizontal label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multi-dimensional return closing filter .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   greyscale

test:  utility function to check if the history should be ignored .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  function   download
truth:  returns   returns

test:  security this view .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   security

test:  converts datetime object to rfc 3339 string .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  context manager for sphinx .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  context   sets
truth:  default   default

test:  takes a string or string and converts it into a string with all of the form .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this function will get rid of the course_id and returns the corresponding coupon dashboard id from the course dashboard .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  get   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate that value is a valid addresses containing a pattern like those rest normally called in :meth:~mopidy .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  validate   tag
truth:  null   validator

test:  searches through the available services .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  register a class to be registered via celery responses .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  list containers from an upgrade container count the list of containers .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  traverse   containers
truth:  ensure   null

test:  insert a pair into something that has the start of precision .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  returns true if the file exists on the path .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  prints all the figures in the database .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  return the conditional blocks .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  return   reference
truth:  return   a

test:  list slug for a user .
truth: get slug . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   slug

test:  generate and upload a course for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the http request .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  clean   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  makes a new sample ids based on sample ids .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set un-pickled attributes .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   tree
truth:  set   set

test:  set a specific ip address by a series of variables .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  set   set
truth:  like   like

test:  makes matplotlib contours pattern .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  makes   create
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve instance access list by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   instance
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  return a simple public key for some time specified .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  return   read
truth:  caches   caches

test:  find out what items in a service is available .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  search   search

test:  separate top-level function spaces after class declaration .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   null
truth:  separate   null

test:  check if it exists and returns the result .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  see   null

test:  return a string that seems to a resource in the struct code .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  string   code
truth:  contained   code

test:  create a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  computes computer normal covariance estimator for samples columns .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  computes   tests
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  get the name of a view file .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  raise value if value is true .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  value   a
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  set the user header in the response with the given headers .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  to   view
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the sequence of element specified in key .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  generates one random integer where sample from a sequence of combinations of combinations .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  generates   method
truth:  return   a

test:  use python2/3 and .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  command   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the global options to use for logging .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if there are installed and load the container name .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  generate unicode types .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the directory path for this module .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of strings .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  restart service via monit cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  create a function which returns a hookrecorder requests online .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  create   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator for functions that require a method of appropriate dependencies .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorates   a

test:  the same as twisted .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  null   carmichael
truth:  return   operation

test:  compare git files .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  boolean   current
truth:  return   a

test:  determine a class name from a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieve all status for a task statuses .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  retrieve   metadata
truth:  retrieve   task

test:  decorator to temporarily replace given object and then sends it to the fnpickle dump .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  object   back
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  helper method to check an exception that can be used by a policy class .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  split a packet in an absolute machine .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  split   return
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the proxy .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  does this object have a issubclass .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  does   check
truth:  return   return

test:  create named link for a named route .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  displays the string .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  executes   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  redirect to the asset from the asset .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  null   method
truth:  update   update

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  override this should be used to override the process .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  override   setup
truth:  creates   null

test:  decorator to skip test if everything is rpc .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  to   run
truth:  run   run

test:  check if http status code is small .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  if   status
truth:  null   null

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of file names to be built .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get information and write clock information .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  get   get
truth:  package   package

test:  if there is no subnet group .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  if   reports
truth:  if   null

test:  see also decode a time-varying value with the same value as the default .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  bytes   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the string for the given language or full path .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  parse   guess
truth:  translated   returns

test:  tasuki gap .
truth: advance block . 
test:  null   gap
truth:  block   block

test:  test that bootstrap_button image backend items .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   transforms
truth:  test   test

test:  set imports for imp .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  set   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  helper method to generate a linebuffer file .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  null   fix
truth:  output   output

test:  plists may be the correct key for the unix key .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  have   null

test:  return a function nrt implementation associated with a function .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  return   compatibility
truth:  return   a

test:  sign the sign authentication and sign them with specified key .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   null
truth:  sign   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  retrieves group by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return a dict mapping item names to query .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test hermite cardinal difference interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  test   hermite

test:  call a function with an inversion wrapper .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  call   prefix
truth:  function   function

test:  recursive helper function to generate polynomial with terms of terms from continueterms .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  updates a quota method cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  updates   copy
truth:  update   a

test:  returns the extension for a complete instance containing the provided filename .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the configured grains cli example: .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured timezone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  reset   returns
truth:  null   reload

test:  obtain the uptime version from the show version output print output to stdout .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check ordercreator offset for :func:idz_sfrm .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   ssh
truth:  check   precision

test:  a decorator for api calls view .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return cx if path is a module .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  internal parsing function .
truth: internal function . 
test:  exit   a
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a string to python string this is a stringio string .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  null   function
truth:  string   string

test:  logout handler for djangos view .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  null   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   version
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set to specific keypress all or specified services .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  to   sets
truth:  value   value

test:  raises an exception if value is not a valid string or a subclass thereof .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  check for translation .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  block' a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  unblock   a
truth:  block   a

test:  clear a result from data container .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  store   attempt
truth:  set   metadata

test:  return the union of the theano shared variable t .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   w

test:  return whether the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of complex paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a warnings from a warnings module deprecation warnings .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  form   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  make a list of tuples to be saved .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  make   up
truth:  export   export

test:  get all services for a given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  all the data filter .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  helper function for creating a bad implementation .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  compute   image

test:  computes a gradient gradient along given axis .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return the most recent widget from the desired site widget .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  return   display
truth:  render   a

test:  private function to list a queue on a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   routine
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  convert a human readable format into megabytes representation .
truth: formats size . 
test:  like   a
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats a date according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  return a gluster device for containers .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   quotas

test:  encrypts a packet .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  encrypts   null
truth:  -   -

test:  returns a string from the provided google analytics factory .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   google

test:  return the unicode value for the given table .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  test that there are no options passed in format to support the supplied session .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  null   limit
truth:  update   update

test:  return information about a list of layers cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  return   start
truth:  returns   a

test:  same as a += b = 1 .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  computes   arrays
truth:  null   regression

test:  set up main .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  set   host
truth:  nested   update

test:  returns the assignment for assignment model .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns the first column of the return value .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  returns   =
truth:  check   check

test:  creates rpc object to create public certificates .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  get   get

test:  delete media type from the resource object and generate a list of files contained within the resource object .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  store   store

test:  given an cnt polynomial .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  given   source
truth:  null   sparse

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  test if a partial setup is not installed .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  if   null
truth:  installing   test

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  to   install
truth:  to   method

test:  return a copy of keyword arguments .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  return   a
truth:  split   a

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  resolve rows in a python module for js applications .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  if   null

test:  serialize message to stdout .
truth: output a string . 
test:  serialize   null
truth:  output   a

test:  returns the index object to the app .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   in

test:  get vlm_media instance title by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   vlm_media
truth:  get   vlm_media

test:  find a three entries a match the entries from two distributions entries to allow the following two distributions .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  find   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  convert name to a attributes .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  name   attributes
truth:  resolve   a

test:  gets the actual file name using a unique sum .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  add   download
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a key with no variables .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  return   check
truth:  takes   null

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   binary
truth:  get   get

test:  verifies that the specified dotted volume is absent on the container parent directory is matched or volume name : string name of the container parent mask with the container toggle
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  apply the frame against the given graph and agent to a graph class .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  apply   get
truth:  get   a

test:  deprecated function to ierserr for testing .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  function   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the options from the tags .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  list   find
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper method to parse the command line options :returns: the options manager .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  null   register
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the directory of the current profiler .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  given   null

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  low-level implementation of chebyshev polynomials of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  null   multiply
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  creates and returns the ada1 script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this function is called without downloading a backwards compatibility .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: run some function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the sonarr platform .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add the native contents into a native set .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  add   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extract a users brands .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  get   system

test:  list floating ips .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  floating   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the list of network script that would be present on this file .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  if   path

test:  add a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  add   masquerade
truth:  bind   bind

test:  create a message for inclusion reasons .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  create   a
truth:  display   a

test:  stop everything after a task .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create a session in .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   a

test:  remove remove from an element .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  remove   parses
truth:  removes   null

test:  display a skeinlayered start with an optional remembered file or text .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  display   handler
truth:  craft   a

test:  recursively move file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  detect if an iterable of objects are not in the same as os .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  formats   calculate
truth:  sum   sum

test:  extract tweets from a valid json .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  null   null
truth:  selected   null

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  allocated   update

test:  return an keys from the given key and return the list of mark keys .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  allocates   null

test:  writes checkpoint to partition in mapping file .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  function   temporary
truth:  write   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return timeseries data from unauthenticated json entry .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  move   a
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  returns yes .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a boto connection .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  process all volumes in a volume .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check that googleappengine matrix denotes the max matrix .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the vector operator .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  compute   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return a list of lines for given resource path .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   find

test:  check that twitter link with a duplicate plugin case .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a dict with explicit mro values .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the analysis of two nodes for input models .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  filters   accepts
truth:  labels   labels

test:  decorator that checks results to check they are required .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates an image volume size and create a new image id .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the size of a function .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a buffer file .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  write   null

test:  remove a cluster from the mysql server .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  stops   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  retrieve local path from client data locally .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a list of decimal elements to decimal .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   null

test:  compute text as a command in the given python source code .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  text   null
truth:  write   null

test:  attribute that produces a search string to an iterable of data .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  patches and instructor an selected submission .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  request   pickles
truth:  generate   a

test:  imports an object based on a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  comapare two english phrases ignoring starting with a single space .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   null
truth:  comapare   null

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the previously saved indentation level functions in a block scalar .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   increment
truth:  set   set

test:  return volumes usage that were deleted usage .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  null   fetch
truth:  return   volumes

test:  register a discovery registry .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  register   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  compute a hilbert filter squared filter parameters x : ndarray should be an iterable of a fixed array .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  obj   x
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a copy of the value passed in the sequence .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  search for ajax parameter .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  search   null
truth:  return   return

test:  lookup and return the operator in the settings .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  lookup   tool
truth:  get   a

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  function   boolean
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  associate   null

test:  determine the delete usage information from the database .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  determine   test
truth:  exposes   null

test:  writes output of a dissimilarities table args: writes the new sample ]output useful to the specified mapping file .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  writes   pcoas
truth:  applies   null

test:  parse state state state in a tuple are one of the beginning and {'metric .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  set the sleep name .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test average score .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  test   a

test:  gradient gradient squared error .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  null   error
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse hive-site to obtain config .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return common base path if path is specified in common .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  wait   return
truth:  return   return

test:  removes wsgi wsgi port from the wsgi port .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  clear   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds a message with the tags level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   attempts
truth:  adds   a

test:  find the full extensions for a windows copy of the graph .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  find   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  numba-optimized computation of a model .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  testing   estimate
truth:  returns   a

test:  breaks n into a generator of lists with length size from seq .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  seq   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  run a client in a client .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  run   null
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that value is file-like between option and lower case .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  validate   optional

test:  convert a term from a compound mode to even if it is not a even away from 0 .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  convert   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  convert value into an integer and int or int .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  string   validate
truth:  converts   a

test:  set video video forwarding .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   current
truth:  set   new

test:  get projects and pymode this is called when you load runner to specify the log file .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  get   a
truth:  projects   projects

test:  check if the file matches any of the given patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  connect to aws secret :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  convert a preferred string name into a unicode string .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  perform   return
truth:  decode   decode

test:  the restful handler for a course certificates .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generating   start

test:  my view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  testing when scripts is present .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  test   test

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  for looking all text events; call directly to emulate a key on the global property value .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  return a base path to the relative url .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  return   string
truth:  return   return

test:  convert helpful version string into an tuple that isnt a function .
truth: format sys . 
test:  convert   set
truth:  format   sys

test:  like raw .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  like   return
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  return a new status information after the specified status .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  if   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  backward backends .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  compare software package version to find packages and properly .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set owner for the given path with owner cli example: .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  set   calculate
truth:  ensure   null

test:  set the value of the user from an option .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  set   words
truth:  ensure   null

test:  attach a userstory userstory points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  delete an image .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  file   null
truth:  deletes   image

test:  update the list of exploration ids .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  null   null

test:  merge two types together with the cyclic tensors .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  null   function
truth:  replace   replace

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   attribute
truth:  show   a

test:  estimate the total logic of standard error .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  mean   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts the client_secrets path into a valid output path .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  returns   gaussian
truth:  converts   a

test:  context manager for elasticsearch .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  context   sets
truth:  null   contextmanager

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  downloads the search dict and returns the search dict .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  get   a
truth:  search   search

test:  check that object is unicode .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  filename   filename

test:  returns ri auth for netrc from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sync a list views from another list until devicezones api calls .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  null   download
truth:  null   device

test:  set a memcache object in the memcache .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  obtain   a
truth:  reads   a

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an rpc object for use with the images api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  creates   null

test:  return information about a script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  always return c{false} if operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the regularized mean of two order k = a .
truth: given data x . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  given   data

test:  int pid is not supported by the integer name or id cli example: .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  int   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load and return the specified top of env .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  load   return
truth:  run   run

test:  runs set the reinit command .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  set   a
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  is this a task .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  shared   ctrl+c
truth:  take   ctrl+c

test:  function to return the directory that matches n in 1extension .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  to   calculate
truth:  figure   figure

test:  initialize the persistent .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  initialize   returns
truth:  initialize   null

test:  call the cherrypy application later .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  call   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  given a list of json .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  given   field
truth:  convert   json

test:  returns true if we are have the pending worker .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  deprecated: list network node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  list   a
truth:  print   print

test:  returns an http request object from instance .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for engine handlers .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  computes the estimated mean along an axis of percentiles .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check a ccx response to a ccx response with their published tasks .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  format   course
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the inverse of f(s) .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a unicode string .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  call   str

test:  execute the file with the css css css frame .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  null   close
truth:  sets   sets

test:  converts a factor instance to area of area .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  defines   null

test:  helper method to produce an object .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  finds a heaviside string by floating point values .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  copied   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  creates the path to the file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  public routine to get the grade value from a surface of the given object .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   triangles

test:  postfix_expression : primary_expression .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  returns true if we know for certain that we can south this field .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  save a restart plugin .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  save   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  return file_changes information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the services for a service parameters supplied : bool whether or not .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the value corresponding to the mask that are in numpy .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  for a bug in the struct struct .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build foreign name to a dict .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert text into a text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  text   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   y

test:  returns the country calling number for a specified region .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns some python tests .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for reduction api handlers .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  register   event

test:  set the global widgets index .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  set   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct an object and store it to the state and avatar .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  get   wmt

test:  render error handler .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  error   error
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this should be looked here for speed a mercurial storage object .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  null   set
truth:  put   put

test:  returns a graph in the 'graph' of a graph .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  generate   imports
truth:  read   read

test:  return a babel unicode representation of locale .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  split an expression into qexpr .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  resolve   split
truth:  split   split

test:  creates a new service field with mimic or input() .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  null   create
truth:  create   a

test:  push directory to the correct pydata dev appserver .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  listener listener .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  dump   null

test:  generate the generate for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return text on html quoted .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  text   return
truth:  null   part

test:  build dict for gce lun lun lun lun data .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  builds   null

test:  create a revision compress directory and/or with the given name .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  create   run
truth:  create   a

test:  get extra fill loops of nested fill .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  create   create

test:  unary_expression : postfix_expression lparen type_name rparen .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  get total percentage of total percentage based on the raw service .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  get   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  build a large expression .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   match
truth:  build   a

test:  add a new symmetric matrix to a beets integers .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  add   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return true if hadoop is present in the given hadoop path .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  return   null
truth:  implements   hadoop

test:  run the given power-cycle command and return its exit path .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  run   a
truth:  to   function

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  plot the morlet hanging and target_shape in data .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   set
truth:  plot   plot

test:  decorator to skip test if plugins is plugins .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to delete the probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   delete
truth:  calls   calls

test:  generate an encryption hash of the encryption hash algorithm .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  builds   customer

test:  clears caches .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  caches   caches
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is 'off'x and some values are missing .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  generate a random string of specified length .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  assert that a file doesnt match the given exception .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  assert   information
truth:  fail   null

test:  check to make sure the func handle is in this calls .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  restart   a

test:  remove all tests from prefixes .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  load a dotted attribute given a dotted path .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  gpu convolution gradient with respect to input image .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  create   null
truth:  sets   up

test:  decorator for concrete volume .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  null   decorator

test:  converts a string into a base64 .
truth: some functions . 
test:  converts   helper
truth:  null   functions

test:  load the auth .
truth: main program . 
test:  load   point
truth:  null   program

test:  speed a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  comb   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  test with non matrix .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate an weight degree for the undirected node from direction .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  generate   node

test:  return the path of a newly created with a given package .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  verifies the number of vat .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the complete complete graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return path to this filename .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test scaling of instances to scaling scaling policy .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   url

test:  check whether an object is changed in the list of classes .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  calculates calculates plugin_path rational = all_correlations ones! .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  calculates   in
truth:  compute   compute

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   mkdir

test:  return true if a given matrices appears a typename overridden by each vertex operator .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for a specified dynamodb dynamodb .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  null   a
truth:  take   a

test:  read lines from the space .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  reverse   text
truth:  split   a

test:  converts none to disjunctive .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  expr   expr

test:  create a directory this is requested with path .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  create   a
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the organization for the organization .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  select an action .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  =   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a list of supported nodes for the given service .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a path to csv file .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  given   limit
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check for azure configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  build up ifupdown2 defined in take parameters defined by sys .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  build   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extract the base64 id from a string .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  adds a new logging mode and adds the given logging .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   body
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the probability boto_rds calls .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  displays the date in the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  validate the given key type .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validates   a

test:  convert integer in n from host-byte order to host-byte integer .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  read   32bit
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return the stored time from the configuration files .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   item

test:  returns true if the given package is currently in this context .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  obtain a lock from the hog id .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  lock   list
truth:  finds   a

test:  get the latest version from the number of google version data .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if obj is an instance of obj .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  indicates   null

test:  translate that the application error is identity error .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  translate   translate

test:  get the path to the file by added or name .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  call a function or return the result as a result in a result .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  call   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns stats of django stats for specified project .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  text   warnings
truth:  stats   stats

test:  return a json representation of the given image name .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  return   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  i receive a json representation of json .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  hook   parse
truth:  null   decoder

test:  convert key string to a value using value specified in env .
truth: get opt . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   opt

test:  disable zpool .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  disable   ip
truth:  ensure   null

test:  does a string such that it really entity .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  does   returns
truth:  translate   a

test:  adds requests to a task .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   current
truth:  updates   updates

test:  create an active report report .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  create   json
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check whether translation files is 'neutron/tests' .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  check   check
truth:  -   -

test:  this function is called from a setup to generate the worker process and in the queue .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  function   return
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   date_time
truth:  convert   date_time

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  code   code

test:  add :func:subprocess volume name to specified volume .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  add   volume
truth:  constructs   null

test:  an array on an element where each element in an array are the value of the element objects .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  only load if libguestfs python bindings are installed .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  null   load
truth:  load   load

test:  scores' scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  recalculate   scores
truth:  set   scores

test:  decode html representation to a list of character definitions .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  splits   multi

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  wrap a method so that it gets turned into method automatically log .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  wrap   methods

test:  utility function to build the default offset offset from a datetime object .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  null   return
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns false if this xblock has been missing on the specified xblock .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  filter the list of file names from the given file .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  update makefile .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  return a list of information about a user info that are supported by the system cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   string
truth:  return   a

test:  create read-only fields and vdi to vbd and vdi to vbd when vbd is created .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a formatted data with some data from a given path and verify that file type .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  loop   loop

test:  return the name of a page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all special snapshots .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  extract inputs from a string .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  null   method

test:  send -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  sends   metrics
truth:  kill   a

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with a product of all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert mapping file .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  return true if given jid is a string .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load an arbitrary cluster file to load its options .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  load   return
truth:  obtain   a

test:  wrapper for aws steps on a patched list .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns true if field has more than one widget .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  register a handler function by stripping type type .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   handler

test:  check if a arg is ints .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns link-local solicited-node multicast address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  creates a new client id .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  simulates   request
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a single space from source .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  convert obj into a slice .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  obj   information
truth:  slice   slice

test:  return an url to the relative url the scheme and press the received url to terms of detrending .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  resolve   os
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  internal helper that returns the batch activates for a range of values .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a list of tags from a list of tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  creates   fetch
truth:  recreate   tags

test:  checks if the command has been run and returns stdout .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  if   integer
truth:  null   interface

test:  return appropriate declaration for the exported tld code from domain name to insert .
truth: for example . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   example

test:  return url to the classpath related to the given url .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  smooth   directories
truth:  convert   convert

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using "lazy" loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  return the full path to the sorted repeated flag on this machine .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  run the email address .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  run   error
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  pass in breadth-first to discover the distribution .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  pass   djangos
truth:  execute   a

test:  use this field to set organization account from the organization field .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  source   migrate
truth:  source   source

test:  returns options used for the rawfile_json options .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  returns   options
truth:  get   get

test:  delete an action .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  split the current abort container in an array .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  split   source
truth:  split   split

test:  markupsafe-escaped chs[idx][mult inverse problem .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  copy   create
truth:  get   row

test:  return an n-dimensional -= of an n-dimensional array .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  return   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  concatenate arrays as they have multiple es axis .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  null   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  given input in this form:: [{uerror: uget file:///r .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  input   return
truth:  input   input

test:  return link with its first page that is built .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  lookup   link
truth:  get   get

test:  convert images value to a source image .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

