test:  reorder a suite into a suite .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  reorders   compiles
truth:  reorders   suite

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  iterates over the probes .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  updates   pulls
truth:  updates   null

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  attach total_watchers voters of the queryset to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   collects
truth:  attach   count

test:  add enabled locales to the given theme if any .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   solve
truth:  add   settings

test:  given a template name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  turn   arrive
truth:  turn   escape

test:  convert a path to a list of filesystem path .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  open an path .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  open a pathname for a pathname file .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  deletes a rabbitmq policy .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  get rectangular grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   stacking
truth:  get   grid

test:  write a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  capture a screenshot of then capture a screenshot .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  execute a vcs tool in order to run a vcs tool .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  request a entrance exam as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   distributed
truth:  request   problems

test:  redefine this fixture to change the celery config file .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  redefine   unlinks
truth:  redefine   fixture

test:  decorator to restrict default values to self .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  function that detects the date/time format for the string passed .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  copied   pulls
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  converts id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and/or a task id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the leads strategy of the nodes in a breadth-first graph .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  iterates   increase
truth:  iterates   nodes

test:  return the group uid and group id for a given process .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  init   expand
truth:  init   permissions

test:  extension -> iterator over the wsdl .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  set   located
truth:  set   method

test:  escape a byte string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  simple white heteroscedasticity robust covariance note: calculating this function is very inefficient .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  verify that the given value contains the given register .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  find the matching bits contained in the left .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  finds   restrict
truth:  finds   array

test:  disconnect from the given session .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  disconnect   trivial
truth:  disconnect   connection

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  updates the instantiated line with the given name .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  fix   preload
truth:  fix   content

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse a keyword arguments .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   results
truth:  split   keywords

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  pulls   relies
truth:  pulls   logic

test:  generate a file url for a specified path .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  convert // -l formatted string or http intersection format to a cherrypy exception .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  convert   populates
truth:  convert   params

test:  return a list of slices containing the number of timeslice .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  function that *consumes* the single estimator .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  swaps the input individuals crossover with two individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  force the sequence of objects to reverse the data .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  get the number of an object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given left and right .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  given a list of {long_name:values} or regular expression instances .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  build   shared
truth:  build   string

test:  command line argument parsing .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   tracing
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task time slot time .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  start   mount
truth:  start   task

test:  gets the bootstrap sample from a string .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  yields   declared
truth:  yields   samples

test:  returns an instance of the integration manager which places all the rules in the given directory .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  helper function to get a django config value from a requests .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  retrieves   listen
truth:  retrieves   key

test:  define a project_id instance for command line .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  defines   cause
truth:  defines   option

test:  check if the version is a valid python .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   ayoung
truth:  check   base

test:  list servers servers servers backend haproxy backend socket backend socket haproxy stats socket cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  list   fold
truth:  list   backend

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   overlay
truth:  replace   func

test:  scheduled python files in a given directory .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  go   crop
truth:  go   directory

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  swap the case of the matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  swap   turn
truth:  swap   case

test:  returns a rolling which helps a db suitable for use with the virtuals system .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  generate a users password for a user .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  compute square-free norm of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  return true if task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  compute the correlation between two random expression i and a random expression .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  correlation   associate
truth:  correlation   expressions

test:  get all volumes belonging to a backup volume .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  press the keyboard button for volume up .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   follows
truth:  press   button

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   reuse
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from a dictionary of possible .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  test that we can reset and assigned tests .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  get the distance between two ndarrays .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  compute   save
truth:  compute   euclidean

test:  recursively two dictionaries .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  given   leaves
truth:  given   dictionaries

test:  take the cache key and set the value passed .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  sequence version of sequence .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  attempt to infer the generated by the passed thread .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  shuts   deallocate
truth:  shuts   worker

test:  module name .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  return the class with namespace nmap_limits as local functions .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  simplified   extract
truth:  simplified   version

test:  helper function for running the npm delay .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   directed
truth:  shutdown   delay

test:  given a list of elements .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  sort   eliminates
truth:  sort   elements

test:  yaml: openshift-creator performs the equivalent of an oc create command invocation; this build step takes in the provided json or yaml text .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  requeues sidebar .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  enable   enhance
truth:  enable   items

test:  generate a password for use with a ldap upload .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  iterates over a path .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   hits
truth:  enable   filter

test:  wrap a handler which wraps an error handler and automatically unzip request .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  download a new otp .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set the current indentation level .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  find a python path as python .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns true if slug is a numerical slug .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  set a key/value pair in rest .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   format
truth:  find   parameter

test:  create a network security group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  helper method to walk through the device class .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  turn   sparks
truth:  turn   number

test:  fail if the given object is a valid pairs .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  convert native sets to a python set .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  convert   grab
truth:  convert   val

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  a fast set of edges .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  finds   lstrip
truth:  finds   set

test:  remove the image objects from a list of arrays .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   tsv
truth:  remove   components

test:  this method provides the redirect url for an image .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  disable termination protection on a specific virtual .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  writes a file and tries to discovery root directory .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  helper function for converting an appropriate window properties .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  reshape iterator from nested sequence and randomly examples .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  create   reveal
truth:  create   sequence

test:  get a com object by name .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  get the list of the various index of the given list of fragments .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  add a summary to the hadoop output .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  expected assignment_no_params_with_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  creates a wtforms form field for the given wtforms model .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  convert a file or directory path to a folder .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  determine   wanted
truth:  determine   filename

test:  clear a resource_view as a dictionary .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  delete   registering
truth:  delete   views

test:  check if port is an ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  returns dictionary of predecessors and predecessors on shortest paths .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  find   scans
truth:  find   pairs

test:  reads appstats data from file .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  enables previously added to an elemwise with a transliterate .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  replace   emits
truth:  replace   definition

test:  returns a dictionary containing the path to the complete output .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return service auth object for writing service .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  adds a background background jobs .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the email address for a given user .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  look   allocate
truth:  look   user

test:  return the qualifier or a module .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  deprecated: this is on a separate of tuples .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  function   meet
truth:  function   legend

test:  replace the default time to sleep .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  replace   support
truth:  replace   time

test:  print a list of all documents in a particular document .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   decreases
truth:  print   documents

test:  list all modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  header   converted
truth:  header   block

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  load a pickle file from the file .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  update an namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  add to or create a new variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  remove latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  remove   move
truth:  remove   latex

test:  print a single ctl into a new ctl .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  display   emitting
truth:  display   character

test:  sets the previously added exceptions .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  vectorized version of the fitness of the fitness .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  print helpful troubleshooting data in the exceptions .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  checks   capturing
truth:  checks   error

test:  write a file .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  generates a group title .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  get a path to the standard format for a particular type .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  traverse   crop
truth:  traverse   directory

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the appropriate top_elem of a sequence of context arguments .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  compute   coupling
truth:  compute   target

test:  check if an exploration id is valid .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within verbosity quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  return task info .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  get   mount
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   registering
truth:  return   views

test:  converts a timestamp to a str .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  returns a node ports of a node ports in the given graph .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  get equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   looping
truth:  destroy   node

test:  pack object to a packed object .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  override   deflate
truth:  override   config

test:  convenience function for getting a blockdevicemapping server .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  test uninstalling an editable package from a svn svn package .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  simple sequences for ml the first knuths system .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  pulls   config
truth:  pulls   patterns

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  audits installed packages against remote packages path path path path of the remote repository .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  displays   downloading
truth:  displays   package

test:  square modifiers .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  get an filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  sync returner modules from salt://_returners to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   pulls
truth:  sync   null

test:  translate to a python traceback or from event .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  pulls   skipped
truth:  pulls   use

test:  deserialize any extra html from an email address .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  view   port
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns a bool object for an object .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   controlled
truth:  returns   identifier

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  parameters x : the type to be checked against returns validator - a function which is preserved .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  create a new database .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  utility to check that crud options are valid .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  convert list or ixify to the first element in ixify .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  returns current locales direction .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  override   base64encodes
truth:  override   djangos

test:  show the contents of api-call .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  iterate   sleep
truth:  iterate   files

test:  very very the function .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the host pulled list of hosts .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live build a screenshot screenshot requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:scp plugin <release+plugin> .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  pulls   reorders
truth:  pulls   screenshot

test:  escape & .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  insert   flashes
truth:  insert   characters

test:  convert the given object to a pickle xml .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  return the value for a given value .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return a list of canonical code for a python template names .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  removes duplicate elements .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  returns documented items from source .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  true if the input operator is *true* .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  serializes   aliased
truth:  serializes   json

test:  check for a show and return a show .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  build   eliminating
truth:  build   cache

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  waits for function to become specific :return: true if wait until timeout expires .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   reported
truth:  wait   function

test:  retrieve the javascript urls for a sequence of billedopprotos .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  i send broken broken step .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  break   equalize
truth:  break   email

test:  returns template templates that is only valid templates .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   reflect
truth:  build   testcase

test:  read graph in p2 format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   translated
truth:  read   g

test:  return the variable from a variable .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  casts   transliterate
truth:  casts   variable

test:  context manager for setting the given output groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a new network acl .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  replaces   inform
truth:  replaces   entry

test:  testing that the output of a successful table with verbosity colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  returns the text value of a given hexadecimal type .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  returns   subclass

test:  create a translated revision for the given locale .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  return   capitalizes
truth:  return   revision

test:  migrate migrations for admission if not already present in facts dict dict: args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the facts if they were not
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   identifies
truth:  apply   plugin

test:  test loading of a vm when we attempt a letsencrypt-auto .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   exchanges
truth:  register   capabilities

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  mutation that pops or update the value of the element .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  adds   urlencode
truth:  adds   item

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  returns a list of rx/tx objects in a given :存款种类 .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns the cooked vector for the order-k qubits as many cumulants .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  parses a chunk of lines from a dict .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  take   tend
truth:  take   chunk

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  returns true if we are using a html authored authored .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test load a widget .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  test   point
truth:  test   status

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  this method helps to define a calendar object for a calendar object .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  persists   inserting
truth:  persists   calendar

test:  force version of defweb to be called on application .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  determine   storing
truth:  determine   template

test:  safely remove the existing directory .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return netstat routing information for the given process name .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a list of network velocities in the order .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  returns   accepting
truth:  returns   e

test:  stop all sql parameters .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  each row of the first element in the list of arrays .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  create a list of tags for use in html .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  deletes files or not present .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  get sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   inputhook
truth:  get   sys

test:  convert a binary array into an int .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create and return a plugin object .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  return a template mapping from plugins to their template parameters funcs : array-like a template name for the plugins .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  writes a callback to a file .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse a string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  writes and verifies the string value is a valid string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the total browser web page .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  respond   assign
truth:  respond   requests

test:  retrieve a device name from the device name .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns the value in a passed sequence .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   confirmed
truth:  check   length

test:  get all featured rotation rotation object .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  retrieve   file
truth:  retrieve   rotation

test:  create a finite random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  projects projects .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  list   determine
truth:  list   projects

test:  default guard for zen editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  identity function .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  returns   utf-8
truth:  returns   argument

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  resolve a function to a dataframe .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a file path .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   define
truth:  encode   path

test:  zoom in and out of a single image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  zoom   pulls
truth:  zoom   null

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   restoring
truth:  set   data

test:  validate and return a http response status since response .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get a queryset of public unit .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  returns the pointer over the given cursor .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  attempts to return a list of selectors objects for each entry in the given parser .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the input image of color .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  constructs a dataset for a dataset .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  add   inhibit
truth:  add   label

test:  compact reader for identical topic .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  load the given scores file .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload the project .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  pulls   process_memory_map
truth:  pulls   buffers

test:  returns the first item from a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  tests that the random theano function produces the same state as the default value for the given state .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   currents
truth:  test   state

test:  return a list of fully-qualified data files for all modules in the package .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  a helper method to get the default location from the provider .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   execute
truth:  return   region

test:  load little-endian byte .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   standardizes
truth:  load   byte

test:  compute a letsencrypt-auto across a shared variable or method for a set of dictionaries .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  compute   stopped
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the task .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   labeled
truth:  moves   file

test:  a movie wrapper around movie .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  run   knapsack
truth:  run   request

test:  helper for parent .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  executes   reported
truth:  executes   function

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  unsubscribe watching a watch .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  stop   target_expressing
truth:  stop   question

test:  set the sql connection for an sql server .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  find   allocate
truth:  find   user

test:  restart all traffic server nodes in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   prettify
truth:  restart   process

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   wants
truth:  read   parts

test:  return the metadata for a particular postgres .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  is   files
truth:  is   check

test:  commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  perform the hold system over the hold .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  provides a sequence of tuples .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  ensure that definitions ids in contributors and removing nans permissions are not in the history .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   controls
truth:  ensure   ids

test:  checks admin access cannot access the admin site .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  tests   generate
truth:  tests   users

test:  get the plugins whose names are matching .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  parse iso 8601 string in guid_string format to be parsed from a iso date string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  parabolic the adjacency shortest path .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  the scenario result has an undefined with undefined as steps .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  convert bson options to network collection .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  get   offset
truth:  get   parameters

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  takes a version string and converts it into a tuple .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  convert roman result to integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return the gaussian interpolation of the gamma function .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  isinstance view that saml callback for postpay .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  receives   pulls
truth:  receives   null

test:  force the undoes address to be used for an performance address in the local marker .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  convert   preloading
truth:  convert   host

test:  utility function to print a command and return an error .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  return   modifies
truth:  return   cmd

test:  multi-dimensional decorator .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetch   switch
truth:  fetch   list

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   enroll
truth:  makes   iterator

test:  see url of a file .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  begin a overwrite .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   forgot
truth:  add   project

test:  configures the config file to match the desired configuration .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  return the next points .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  replace the path to a variable to a pentity package .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   accepting
truth:  convert   e

test:  update the contract ini files and return a list of information about the contract .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   sleep
truth:  update   files

test:  return sass sass for system .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   stats
truth:  return   dirs

test:  handle any trees in a line of text file .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  loads a route path and returns the associated path .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns an integer with the given secret type .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  computes   listen
truth:  computes   key

test:  formats otu map file into a string and appropriate string .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  this code processes and saves edits to an editable os installation file .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  is   bring
truth:  is   page

test:  retrieve a thumbnails to store all thumbnails for a file .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  import a dotted module path from a string .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  takes   define
truth:  takes   path

test:  return true if data contains a crc-32c pointer .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  install a capability using dism args: source : the capability to install source : the optional source for the target capability .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   protects
truth:  install   args

test:  flip an image .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   forwards
truth:  flip   image

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  gets base lun name for given volume .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  search for all the pythonzip .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   flip
truth:  search   python

test:  install a port as the reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  schedule   signs
truth:  schedule   display

test:  helper method for getting the old location from the modulestore .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  obtains   prompt
truth:  obtains   locator

test:  return true if header is in the same .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  return disk usage statistics about the given path .
truth: given a path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a list of known problems .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  convert a sympy/numpy matrix to a numpy matrix .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   integrating
truth:  convert   scipy

test:  builds the clonespec config spec .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  returns   simulate
truth:  returns   spec

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert all bytes to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  scale the carving of a gcode file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  provider specific function to the original patch .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  detects syntax in the text file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   supports
truth:  detects   text

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  attempts to parse the pregnancy matrix and check the cpu scheduling .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  solves   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  solves   problem

test:  returns the number of module keys in a specific modules .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  fetch   sparks
truth:  fetch   number

test:  fixture providing a readlinebridge .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  fixture   routing
truth:  fixture   registry

test:  return a queryset of the given selector .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  query   managed
truth:  query   bokeh

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  removes   aligns
truth:  removes   volume

test:  make sure expressions does not have any gpu .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  download a check out of a post .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  is   spawns
truth:  is   endpoint

test:  returns true if the given file path is linkable .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  function   labeled
truth:  function   file

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   sluggified
truth:  return   center

test:  assign a mongodb operator .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  adds two sequences of the dataset .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve the standard deviation of a specific sample .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  commodity channel index .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  flow   regressiont
truth:  flow   index

test:  extract the output file .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list_opt : parameter_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   pulls
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture to return a valid context for a cookiecutter .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  pulls   resize
truth:  pulls   tls

test:  return the annotation value for the given type .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  convert a dataset into multiple collections and a collection .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  split   reallocation
truth:  split   collection

test:  retrieve all networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   preprocess
truth:  return   networks

test:  return true if url is an about: .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  flatten a list of lists into a new list .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  takes   constant_expression_opt
truth:  takes   iterables

test:  setup the pylitejet component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  initialize   msg
truth:  initialize   component

test:  overwriting the cmd python module makes debugging modules with pdb a bit harder so lets do it this way instead .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  rename   aliased
truth:  rename   json

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   small_stmts
truth:  scan   line

test:  test plotting of psdestimator .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   specifies
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday -- search for google cloud storage -- search result of google .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  sort an array of pairs .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  tie   invoked
truth:  tie   factor

test:  scan the status for a certain engine .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  returns   demos
truth:  returns   scan

test:  decorator to execute when an existing player sessions .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   simulating
truth:  text   input

test:  normalize path .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  create an identity identity .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch using the given tournament .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   regressiont
truth:  compute   index

test:  convenience method to repeat method object and call timer method .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   avoid
truth:  function   timer

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  testing computation of time .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  compare two objects in a and their position .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compares   exposes
truth:  compares   values

test:  return the configuration directory .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  obtain   encapsulate
truth:  obtain   instance

test:  retrieve resources .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  determine   loads
truth:  determine   changes

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  apply   enhance
truth:  apply   items

test:  use this function to colitem .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  convert a admitting csv file and a standard csv file .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  given   flow
truth:  given   fields

test:  a helper function for creating the display g .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  displays   publish
truth:  displays   graph

test:  check if a group exists and has any group auth .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  has   allocate
truth:  has   user

test:  manage the snmp traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   format_alignment
truth:  manage   authentication

test:  returns sample histogram for an sample node .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  make   bounds
truth:  make   table

test:  parses compatible workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  displays   pulls
truth:  displays   null

test:  parses a class and returns a list of modules names and modules .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  returns the docker tftp label for a given image .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  function to get the decorated priority .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  compute the data for a cubehelix or from the cubehelix at the given color .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  prepare the correct dpi for cor .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of node projects that is configured for the node .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  filter   seek
truth:  filter   subscriptions

test:  create a new :class:greenlet object .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  spawn   takes
truth:  spawn   stream

test:  web page .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  pulls   chop
truth:  pulls   owner

test:  add a password to the postgres server .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  verify that a x is unique .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  check   interfacing
truth:  check   axes

test:  kill all of the jobs that are loaded from a list of jobs .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  this view is used to load an api request .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  watch a tagname for a field .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  fire   rescales
truth:  fire   event

test:  returns the cli width and direction for the given cli example: .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  pulls   stop
truth:  pulls   dots

test:  return true if cpu is actually a list of cpu flags .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  check   switch
truth:  check   list

test:  computes average loss for keras outputs .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  weighted   negotiate
truth:  weighted   loss

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  returns true if this module is valid .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  takes a value from a string and turns it into a python object .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  evaluates   shared
truth:  evaluates   string

test:  get and add an indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  deletes items from the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  deletes   enhance
truth:  deletes   items

test:  creates an element with the given tag .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  handles a rule for csf allowed hosts for csf .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a byte string for the given ~astropy .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  returns true if given stream is valid .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  translates the given exception on the cinder iteration .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  patch acts as a function in place .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  deprecated   dumping
truth:  deprecated   patch

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  pulls   int
truth:  pulls   match

test:  returns http proxy settings from an http proxy .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  invalidates a hash for a suffix_dir in a suffix_dir file .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  invalidates   orthoganlize
truth:  invalidates   hash

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  create a simple input object from a inject token .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  generates a collection type to disk image and saves it into a given dataset .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  compute zero or quality loss loss from a filesystem accuracy .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  return the configuration value for the given key .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  return the positional and text arguments for functions .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  extract   format
truth:  extract   parameter

test:  gets the first country row from a country .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  creates an in-memory token using the google osr auth key and save it to the blob .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  stores   iterate
truth:  stores   auth

test:  list all file names in segment_info format .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  returns   created
truth:  returns   mode

test:  parse the response for a query response .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  given   install
truth:  given   response

test:  create a text block from a plain text .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual match .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the description of a text file .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  creates a canonical form of the canonical form of the given parameters form : int .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a hybi-07 pattern to a buffer .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  converts   canonicalized
truth:  converts   posix

test:  make sure expression symbols correctly .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   associate
truth:  make   expressions

test:  setup a correct axes with axes on a specified axes .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  pulls   pull
truth:  pulls   one

test:  load a saved song song file and converts it to v2 .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  get a value from the rest api .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  return framework if it is a framework .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  create the autojump .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  prepend   emits
truth:  prepend   definition

test:  returns the string representation of the xyz .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  get   launch
truth:  get   coordinates

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of all the targets in the provided directory .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   insert
truth:  returns   targets

test:  execute a action on the given cloud server cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   decrease
truth:  execute   action

test:  gets the number of projects from the projects .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the cpu .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a 64-bit string of a given ipv6 address .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  check that currently logged-in user has specified permission for the specified permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  returns the old license titles .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  quote an argument for use in a url .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  delete an application .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   files
truth:  delete   check

test:  checks gle .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  compile a pandas dataframe to a pandas table .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  function   insure
truth:  function   dataframe

test:  tests for offsets of a descriptor .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload user library and add it to the global library .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  construct an email id for the given fe_type .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  sets the value of the proc library library .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  helper for comparing two signatures .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   port
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  test   request
truth:  test   control

test:  authentication for authenticated redirect form .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given an index tensor .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  create docker path from docker-compose .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   raising
truth:  create   docker

test:  converts a predicate function to its arguments .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  reset   -
truth:  reset   mocks

test:  searches for the directory where a given file is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  returns true if the connected release has been downloaded .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  log in the native jobs .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  uses   induce
truth:  uses   testing

test:  create new file inside the filesystem .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  calculate the histogram for the computational matrix this function is just a hack because i cant be done by the pmf of the ms-dos .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  vectorized   pulls
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  return a resourcereference versioned .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  return   stops
truth:  return   topic

test:  assert a collection of fro is an assert .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  order iterator of lists of length relative to slices .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  pulls   store
truth:  pulls   memory

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist or not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  return a resource file maintaining the site_query .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  given a dictionary of data .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  asserts   svn
truth:  asserts   dicts

test:  returns maximum norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  iterate over all inputs and return an iterator over the given path .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  yields   compares
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from volume uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   center
truth:  get   ec2

test:  attach an event instance .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  register   initialized
truth:  register   notification

test:  list all users within the organization .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  make an absolute absolute url for the given absolute href .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  make   saves
truth:  make   links

test:  return a dict of the form ${foo} -> options for the lines of a list of uuids .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  call a remote method with an optional timeout .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  checks if a string is a valid bool entry .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  calculates a numeric part of the type .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  returns   part

test:  dump an exception object from the exc_info .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  dumps   shed
truth:  dumps   exception

test:  return true if linux .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key n .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   supports
truth:  decrypts   text

test:  generic content_list .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  configure the reactor to be the reactor thread .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  start   popen
truth:  start   reactor

test:  an absolute node is some nodes from the given environment .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  like ones_like .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  equivalent to pickle .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  setup the logging system .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  trims whitespace so that its safe characters in text is still handles to stop .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  computes an normalized elemwise representing the normalized functions of n .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  updates the installed packages .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sends a notification on a topic without waiting for a response .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  sends   rescales
truth:  sends   event

test:  creates a new triggerdb type db object in the db db .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  convert a file name to a native module name .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  this function returns the faa di di .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if the given dependency has a database dependency as a dict .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  determine   dotted
truth:  determine   relationship

test:  starts an entry point .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  display   sleep
truth:  display   files

test:  performs a get request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  a factory to mock template with context .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  asserts text1 and multi have the same lines .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  get the current xml settings .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  show   embedded
truth:  show   example

test:  check to see if the device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  submit a release barcodes .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submits   lstrip
truth:  submits   set

test:  deserialize blobs type into normal blob .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  retrieves   responds
truth:  retrieves   database

test:  returns the value corresponding to a instance label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns a service configuration tag .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  create a proxy controller for flash networks .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  creates   shortens
truth:  creates   classes

test:  return a list of tuples to be deprecated .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  pulls   parameter_type_list_opt
truth:  pulls   decorators

test:  handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a field .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  handle   compounded
truth:  handle   gcd

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  take   labeled
truth:  take   file

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  vectorized transpose to like diagonal .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  transposes   looking
truth:  transposes   operator

test:  set up & run a publisher .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  save and update telemetry data .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  fetch a dict that provided vm id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  solve a continuous random variable length .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  see   overlay
truth:  see   func

test:  marks a given type as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  return   constrain
truth:  return   attribute

test:  return true if the given object has a valid failure .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  convert   represent
truth:  convert   failure

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return the gaussian copytobuffer function .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  decorator which exempts the decorated function from nickname .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  open a file using the given mode .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  returns the yaml stream as a tuple .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  instantiate an adapter connect server .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  provides   located
truth:  provides   method

test:  get rootobject default value for a console handle .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  returns   windows

test:  runs nagios plugins and return a list of all available plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  run   interpolated
truth:  run   plugins

test:  return path as an absolute path with ~user and env var expansion applied .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  expand   hanging
truth:  expand   variables

test:  returns true if discussions are discussion and visible it if it is access to the course id of the discussion category .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  generate a template for the given template .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  returns a path to be add-on or locks .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  make   executed
truth:  make   dictionary

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   r^2
truth:  returns   form

test:  call this function as an object to text .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  outputs   pulls
truth:  outputs   null

test:  read styles data as raw object .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a attributes to an attribute of a section or a target .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  register   loads
truth:  register   changes

test:  override the cpp against the system .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns the default currency currency .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  use   pending
truth:  use   default

test:  return the status of a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  close generated event .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  callback   discover
truth:  callback   closing

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  just try and display the remove_photos layer .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  connect   signs
truth:  connect   display

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object copy: true will clear the inherited aces to the dacl before disabling inheritance
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  this function takes a decomposed dn as and returns a single dn .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  argument that converts a function to a ci only .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  test docinfo commands .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  inspect   post_save
truth:  inspect   metadata

test:  find a pool to a given attribute that includes the configured root .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  fix any ending of an object .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  for a system email address .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   equalize
truth:  queues   email

test:  parse a dist file .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   bump
truth:  parse   definitions

test:  assert that the gp_generation parameters for a outputs outputs .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  catches and returns an application instance .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the contents of the bucket cache file for bucket contents .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  reconstruct a signal with nulls .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  multiply   tell
truth:  multiply   signature

test:  async version of create_upload_url() .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  create   escaped
truth:  create   post

test:  ensure directory exists .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  ensures   define
truth:  ensures   path

test:  will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits sucessfully .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   childnodes
truth:  update   timestamp

test:  copy an instance to a descriptor .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   killed
truth:  adds   network

test:  update the status of task .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   inverts
truth:  update   statuses

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  return zero if value is an integer .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  compute selfridge parameters for a selfridge connectivity .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return true if the desktop is running on this desktop .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  detect   pulls
truth:  detect   null

test:  helper method to create a proper url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  efficiently compute vertex field .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   flattening
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  look up a directory for a match .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  search   unquoting
truth:  search   environment

test:  return the url of the selected scheme .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  generate   wants
truth:  generate   parts

test:  parse the first package of a select command line and return the appropriate package .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  give a list of page where the user can get the or cache .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   outputs
truth:  give   pages

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  sets the storage attribute of the given document .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  decorator that checks if an exploration can be a singleton template .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add a list of lists to a specific feature .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  add   handle
truth:  add   features

test:  tests that the in-db error cannot be instantiated .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the default prefix for temporary directories as bytes .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  bytes   extract
truth:  bytes   version

test:  create a paste pipeline based on the auth_strategy config option .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   launching
truth:  paste   pipeline

test:  test %%prun with ipython special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  pulls   making
truth:  pulls   float

test:  write a value to a gpio .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   bench
truth:  write   value

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  pulls   hold
truth:  pulls   oserror

test:  fixes various source code .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  test that an invalid timer doesnt have all the same invalid or raised .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  test   skips
truth:  test   connections

test:  load a file from a list of paths .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  returns true if the given gzip is valid .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if the segment is intersecting inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  generates public key for current request .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  return a list of all visible strings in the given namespace .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  gets the follows for a user .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  extract response devices from normal response data .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parse   scheduled
truth:  parse   hub

test:  create an object from a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  decorator to create a function with keyword arguments .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  calculate the stems statistic for coloring .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return true if val is enabled .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fixes up any case name in the case name .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the names of the currently installed items .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   autoreleased
truth:  list   types

test:  checks that a condition is of a valid string .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   dictionary
truth:  check   condition

test:  get a loop or any frac{1}{1 without intersections .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  powers down the name of the server power the startup module cli example: .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  for each argument parsing .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  given   rectify
truth:  given   parser

test:  return true if code is old-style or contains the remote server .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  detects   batch
truth:  detects   code

test:  parses a single log entry .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   inform
truth:  parses   entry

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  always return false cli example: .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  lt polynomial pseudo-remainder from f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  return the value in an argument .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  returns response .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  attach   defines
truth:  attach   attributes

test:  ensure the gzip file extension is created .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  return the constant-time that is currently being imported .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  efficiently run scaling of scaling factors .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  reads and returns a dictionary of contents and a file contents .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  to a category .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  merge a dictionary .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  remove the task for a task .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   polishing
truth:  removes   celery

test:  since the plugin is created with a thread .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  tear   identifies
truth:  tear   plugin

test:  get a content from a node .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  this is a helper function to write a list of tuples in a gif .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  returns the chordal graph of a chordal graph .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  remove a makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  calculate the binary expression of cross-entropy of two distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  computes   feed
truth:  computes   entropy

test:  returns the 2-d matrix containing the entries in data .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  multiply   looking
truth:  multiply   operator

test:  read a name from a file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  retrieve   batch
truth:  retrieve   code

test:  context manager that provides errors object in a signal handler .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   ssl
truth:  context   errors

test:  convert an excel cell reference string in a1 notation to numeric row/col notation .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  reset git control character .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  resets   authenticates
truth:  resets   working

test:  dipole potential potential sample using a hermite interpolation .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  pulls   partitioning
truth:  pulls   v

test:  test the load_mappings renders an application .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find a field name from a query and return it .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  finds   flattening
truth:  finds   field

test:  get and return the first unity .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  returns   mutate
truth:  returns   column

test:  returns a formatted string for a given number of format .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  converts string to a boolean array .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  returns the configuration of the users on the device cli example: .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  pulls   loads
truth:  pulls   changes

test:  render the site field for a human readable site .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  configure   cut
truth:  configure   tab

test:  get the current idle delay .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  return   directed
truth:  return   delay

test:  converts a classical two individuals to the individuals .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  apply   colored
truth:  apply   operation

test:  the list of all the items in the kubeconfigs .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  calculate   supports
truth:  calculate   text

test:  return the series expansion of the pairs .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  a function that returns true if the python shell is an ipython shell .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  is   encapsulate
truth:  is   instance

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  extract   preload
truth:  extract   content

test:  task time slot time .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  stop   mount
truth:  stop   task

test:  handle a subset of certificate .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  add a hsv image on an rgb image .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  encrypts an aes request .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  generates   standardizes
truth:  generates   byte

test:  create an rpc for this service .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  check if a user has add or not .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return better year for a longer than distance .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  build   sanitizes
truth:  build   regex

test:  test the logic and make sure the main geometry is initialized .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  ensure   gzipped
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  constructs and passes a call to a target call .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse a c list of tokens from the next header in a dictionary .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   obfuscate
truth:  parse   tokens

test:  softmax activation function .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  create a union of tuples a .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  does   relies
truth:  does   logic

test:  get get determine the first product of the other .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sequential network .
truth: two branches . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a configuration file and return a configuration object .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return the appropriate class for obj .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  return x minus best fit line; mean along an axis .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  subtract mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   categorize
truth:  return   read

test:  convert a character count to a dict .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   collects
truth:  parses   count

test:  leap year is a leap year .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  return   cie
truth:  return   predicate

test:  load the manifest .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  update   inputhook
truth:  update   sys

test:  render a inlines value into a file .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  renders   escaped
truth:  renders   post

test:  list all the available state modules in an environment .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  change the group and group id of a process .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  test   reviewing
truth:  test   num

test:  show connection for important and bug .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  determines if a renewal needs to be checked .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  gets a test case .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   debugging
truth:  gets   dataset

test:  returns a scipy representation of the graph the given graph the configured one of the graph .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  raise assertionerror if f does not raise an exception .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  determine   drops
truth:  determine   call

test:  return the first group of n .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  convert unicode to fsencoding .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  ensure   utf-8
truth:  ensure   argument

test:  test drawing circles without transform using ansi .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   vcs
truth:  test   reactive

test:  enable masquerade separated for zone as a space separated list .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  read tag data from file .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  recursively process a dotted fields from a dictionary .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  normalizes   flow
truth:  normalizes   fields

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  flatten a dictionary that may contain any single items in a stack .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  flatten   solve
truth:  flatten   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  turn interactive mode off .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  turn   created
truth:  turn   mode

test:  internal parsing function .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  an document .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   deployed
truth:  test   symbols

test:  helper function that returns a interpolation interpolation of an mri subject .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  assemble   repeat
truth:  assemble   scaling

test:  create a mine of mine with rounds .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  get bearing bearing bearing color .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  delete an elasticsearch elasticsearch test if it does not exist .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  delete   filtered
truth:  delete   marker

test:  calculates the knn for a matrix of distance matrix parameters x : ndarray the index of docstring returns lpar : array for which knn .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   cover
truth:  calculate   weight

test:  list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} external dependencies:: virtual package resolution requires aptitude .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  reboot a specific vms cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  parse a single component of a python file .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   looking
truth:  parse   operator

test:  construct a torrent directory to a file .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  copy   crop
truth:  copy   directory

test:  encode a string into a encodestring .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask the user for their raw question .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  square-free f is square-free polynomial for square-free square-free .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  create a new random unicode n .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  generate   sympy
truth:  generate   slice

test:  get the http context for the current thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return all updates device symlinks cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  convert a pem string into a pem string .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  encode   small_stmts
truth:  encode   line

test:  gets the current metric name from the pages .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  run a program .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  run   disconnecting
truth:  run   sudo

test:  asserts that an error is valid output .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  create a back to a file .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  transform a url into a protocol buffer .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  write the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   reveal
truth:  pulls   sequence

test:  print an item to the console .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  displays   urlencode
truth:  displays   item

test:  return a string representing a human readable time in epoch .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  given   support
truth:  given   time

test:  check if we want to skip this module .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  modified   printed
truth:  modified   pattern

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   lets
truth:  select   handler

test:  and wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  multiply a pair of two labeled polynomials from the vm .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  convert string to binary codons set .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  generate   sums
truth:  generate   expression

test:  computes multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  get root elements of a doctype .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  restful controller for organisation types .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  waits for an element to become active .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   equalize
truth:  load   email

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   randomise
truth:  sending   message

test:  return virtual memory memory statistics as a namedtuple .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  create a list of representation trees .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  build   parameter_list
truth:  build   formatter

test:  add new pipeline elements to the /comments pipeline .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  returns the tag for the kind @todo: deprecate .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  shorten the line taking the source line .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  separate   looking
truth:  separate   operator

test:  helper method for creating a location .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  redirects   access
truth:  redirects   url

test:  install a package using setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  imports a class by name .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return the key for the specified vm .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  just returns true if block of the given block context .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   caused
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a new travel domain for this minion cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  submit a recaptcha challenge for a given response .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  set and returns the value from the given value .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  allows   offset
truth:  allows   parameters

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  summarize   simplifying
truth:  summarize   range

test:  returns all notes .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  find   show
truth:  find   notes

test:  return all global-level defined by module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  context manager that asserts that the current thread is being executed from within .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the itunes platform .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  compares two numpy array with provided arguments and return true/false .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  computes   ban
truth:  computes   probability

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read a new input record .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  runner with background scenarios should not set .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  running   assume
truth:  running   header

test:  get server groups for a given instance .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  gets   decide
truth:  gets   groups

test:  returns true if g is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   translated
truth:  returns   g

test:  fetch an icon for a given version number .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  take   attempt
truth:  take   extension

test:  group a stream of bytes from the given object .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  stream   enhanced
truth:  stream   object

test:  helper method to remove courses to a course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  removes   prettify
truth:  removes   process

test:  returns the url for a external external external external url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  bounce   access
truth:  bounce   url

test:  this method provides functionality for the media prefix .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  construct a new git repository for the given identity .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  create   fail
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  returns the docker client for a cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  open   unload
truth:  open   client

test:  extract ipv4 address from a pathname .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  given   press
truth:  given   hostname

test:  helper to determine if email addresses is invalid .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  determine   equalize
truth:  determine   email

test:  loads a certificate from certificate .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   detect
truth:  create   positions

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  if the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  a widget method .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  given an iterable of files .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  get a value from the api .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  returns the score values from the submissions .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  monitor out the "harvest" .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   lambda
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   enhance
truth:  iterates   items

test:  decorator to skip tests if condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  reverse   pickles
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove reserved items in the tree .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  test if entries inserted into the cache are marked as a new .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  ensure that a file gets unable to disk .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  registers an image function .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  for each tensor in a and b .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  pulls   targeting
truth:  pulls   backends

test:  make all the keys in a directory tree .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  clones an existing virtual machine template from the given virtual machine .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  instantiates   stderr
truth:  instantiates   machine

test:  get the sort segment of the loops from the segments .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  convert an opcode to a string .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  get spot correctly converts a spot instance instance request to instance .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  builds a dictionary with duplicate elements from the given dict .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  list   allocate
truth:  list   user

test:  get the current idle desktop activation cli example: .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   mimics
truth:  get   activation

test:  get the names of all arrays in the form that are available in the form of a nested graph .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  return   crack
truth:  return   _

test:  construct a triple urlparsed .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  were   suspend
truth:  were   closure

test:  return the output page index page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  rule : rule | minus minus stmt | rule | rule gt rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate nodes in a graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   concatenates
truth:  generate   ordering

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  run the api addons test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return a list of the configured kernel names cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  commits a files or directories .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clones   commit
truth:  clones   repository

test:  this is a new inside_closedpath function .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  manage   knapsack
truth:  manage   request

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sometimes is a function that can be used to point in the case of the form .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  return a unicode string of data .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  try   supports
truth:  try   text

test:  method to identify if the git version information is unknown .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  check   prioritized
truth:  check   messages

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  put to enter facts and validate that external facts .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  this function checks if a file has been uploaded .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes the gaussian distribution of a gaussian mean .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   express
truth:  computes   -

test:  allow access to staff .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  returns true if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  check   delayed
truth:  check   ipv6

test:  convert a stream .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test the iba error accuracy of the iba .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the content recommended for a given wsgi environment .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the variable in a python zone .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  checks   looping
truth:  checks   node

test:  git backend should be able to install from sha .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  git   fold
truth:  git   backend

test:  allow the user to access the tenant endpoint .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return the minimum edge set of g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   pack
truth:  return   edge

test:  simple function to match the list of links in text .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  return the mosaic image in the underlying image .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  make   indicating
truth:  make   images

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  replace any string in a string by their respective xml character .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return a list of installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a models for a specific requirements .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  creates a predicate function for kroneckerdeltas and returns token .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  pulls   alteration
truth:  pulls   lambda

test:  test the classification report .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  very efficient efficient function .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  retain media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  yield a page for the given url .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  modify an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  create profile .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  adds   generate
truth:  adds   users

test:  ensure fasta seqs .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  tests   centers
truth:  tests   labels

test:  get acceptable header info from the config header .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  save a list to the given value .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  a replacement for the columns that is more than the columns .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  convert a linecollection object to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  convert a row to a python feature .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  separate the next tree into one .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  pulls   retrieved
truth:  pulls   iteration

test:  cast a cython complex object to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  adds a route table to the given route table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  replaces   bounds
truth:  replaces   table

test:  handle the environment pythonpath from the environment (which had been previously set as an environment variable .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns queue details of the / virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  return   enables
truth:  return   vhost

test:  change permissions to a resources .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  there are changed to <' .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  checks   loads
truth:  checks   changes

test:  calculate and save visitors from google visits .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  test   target_expressing
truth:  test   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  load the configuration .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  executes   solve
truth:  executes   settings

test:  this function checks to see if the pil data cannot be clean up multiple packages .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs range type correctly handles basic values .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   teardown
truth:  tests   type

test:  loads a batch of tensors .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  pulls   injects
truth:  pulls   utility

test:  parse a string of the form parser .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   importing
truth:  parse   pem

test:  show all sql tables in the database .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  make   present
truth:  make   role

test:  download the latest committed artifacts .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   forced
truth:  download   artifacts

test:  decorator that adds a method to a callable .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  behaves   checkout
truth:  behaves   way

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  concatenate elements .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  join   increase
truth:  join   nodes

test:  create a fake domain for an given process .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  makes a instance for the given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  this function wraps a wsgi application .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  check that named ip from a vm is the specified ip .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  vms   squared
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity for nodes u and v .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  returns   expanding
truth:  returns   connectivity

test:  initialize a new api .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of the given terminal tree containing a given target tree .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  print a block of two points .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  simple example of how to allow user to access the history .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  updates   remove
truth:  updates   history

test:  simplified interface .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return server configuration cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  remove duplicate errors from the list .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  filter   ssl
truth:  filter   errors

test:  the inverse should not crash on a boolean .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  return all scheduled jobs on the system .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  return a dict of all enabled features may be enabled .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  transform data into shared variable .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  creates   transliterate
truth:  creates   variable

test:  return a symbolic 3-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add x x loops .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  reboot a running system .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   grouping
truth:  reboot   system

test:  construct a url for the authorization import module and updates it .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  removes full mysql server cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  shows   shutdown
truth:  shows   tables

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   del
truth:  raft   gcode

test:  returns the path to the built-in python requirements .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  returns a serialize object of the current request .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  function   widen
truth:  function   frontend

test:  returns true if the node is a valid node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   min_dist
truth:  add   collar

test:  solves all cyclic photo into q .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  generalized exponential correlation model .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  generalized   pushing
truth:  generalized   model

test:  output the json object describing a vm vm : string vm to be targeted type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  lookup   populating
truth:  lookup   info

test:  helper function that creates a dict of the respective pathspec .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  splits   define
truth:  splits   path

test:  parses a set union .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   skip
truth:  parses   difference

test:  returns a dictionary of all review request .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  test whether a path is a mount point clone of the file .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  sort and return results as a list of tuples .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  finds the closest matches to the closest monocular .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  get   detect
truth:  get   positions

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  unescape   flashes
truth:  unescape   characters

test:  returns session data for djangos user .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  check to see if the folder exists .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  check   suggest
truth:  check   folder

test:  quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which contains blanks in double quotes .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  converts a caller function into a decorator that converts a caller function .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   reported
truth:  converts   function

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  run patches as a handler .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  test that all associated with an error .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  pull account from pull now .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  be   rebuilds
truth:  be   scheduler

test:  convert a certificate to a valid certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get descendant random parents for input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  returns a release date from the xblocks date as a string representation of the specified xblock .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  pack a net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password is present .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensures   terminate
truth:  ensures   password

test:  returns a list of lookup terms for a single path .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  sample   algorithm
truth:  sample   points

test:  deletes the given async .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  calculate probability of a 2-d matrix for a given distribution .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  model   pulls
truth:  model   null

test:  test word from a file syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  close all current devices .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  clears   mark
truth:  clears   contexts

test:  check to ensure that other errors as expected .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns pairs for pandas units .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  get the commit commit hash of a text .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  compute the symmetric standardized label for an array with direction at the given dataset .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  produces   pulls
truth:  produces   null

test:  return a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a unique user for an existing model .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  starting   lambda
truth:  starting   django

test:  return the multivariate cauchy but not in the tan ratio .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  generates   contructs
truth:  generates   sample

test:  get students certificates for a certificate .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  returns   saml_artifact
truth:  returns   students

test:  converts obj to its proper sql version .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  :mod:__future__ from a valid python list of tokens .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   were
truth:  get   property

test:  validates that value is a string or binary .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  create a django row for a row .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  pulls   domain
truth:  pulls   fetch

test:  retrieve a single datastore key from the datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  template   solve
truth:  template   settings

test:  calculate the truncated flux square matrix x .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   switch
truth:  calculate   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  evaluate   sums
truth:  evaluate   expression

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   pulls
truth:  pack   null

test:  set discussions and configure cohorts for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a group snapshot .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  commit commit commit .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  commit   loads
truth:  commit   changes

test:  extract messages from a collection of messages .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  load a csv file .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  return a humanized version .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  returns the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   carve
truth:  retrieves   word

test:  test that you dont add a valueerror and group .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  errors   ssl
truth:  errors   errors

test:  make sure the answer signal is set correctly .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  makes a threadlocal object .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  pickle   pulls
truth:  pickle   null

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  transform   algorithm
truth:  transform   points

test:  aux function .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   combine
truth:  make   transformation

test:  gets the hold time from the ground .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a queue options .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  atom   disable
truth:  atom   |

test:  ensure that the parent directory for a file is present .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  create a acknowledge css base gradient with the given color gradient .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   multiprocessing
truth:  create   css

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  returns form data for the current request .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  that the ssh_interface loop of the program that were changed .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   forget
truth:  return   inverse

test:  returns the session object for the specified user .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  best practice generator .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  produce   algorithm
truth:  produce   points

test:  test that nothing nothing nothing works .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   bench
truth:  forces   value

test:  takes a list of longs .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  converts   divides
truth:  converts   matrices

test:  hash a string .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  using   communicate
truth:  using   md5

test:  catches exceptions that match http sessions .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user can publish the user has been rights or the string "all" .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  gets a dictionary of the locales that contain a particular type .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   talking
truth:  get   dict

test:  ireport vehicle controller - restful controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 volume .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  applies a 2d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   described
truth:  applies   convolution

test:  returns the storage for this deployment .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  get   interpolated
truth:  get   plugins

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  move to specific position all or specified cover .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  compute the main font properties from shape .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write all rows .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  method to make a request map on demand .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  download a specific video file .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  recursively reorder a dictionary of entries that should contain a cz^2 entry .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  pulls   unescaped
truth:  pulls   entries

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  check if the key exists in the gpg file .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  return an element of f .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   uncheck
truth:  subtract   element

test:  generate a random query and add it for target in query .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  select   enhance
truth:  select   items

test:  download and ld for a given set of urls .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  returns the spectral ordering of a connected undirected graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  update and left-strip vote for a given user .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  store   wheter
truth:  store   existence

test:  administrator administrator administrator admin request .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs an interactive python shell in a context .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   generating
truth:  runs   shell

test:  true if the provided netmask is a mask .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  loads and returns admin role in specified format .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  read   suggest
truth:  read   folder

test:  returns the path to the directory of an installed template .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  calculate the log likelihood from a list of numbers .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   restoring
truth:  list   data

test:  check version of python library .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  generate an image of the shifting individual individual .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  mutate   masking
truth:  mutate   strategy

test:  this is called after the process .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  returns true if a string has a valid python characters .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  detects   shared
truth:  detects   string

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   tear
truth:  logs   module

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  test the column data source from a new array .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  check for occurrences of the sort of the input log .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  this view shows the list of users to poll .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  list   retrive
truth:  list   checks

test:  extract a pair from a corresponding type .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  extract   catch
truth:  extract   course

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrapper around is_possible_number_with_reason .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  determine   sparks
truth:  determine   number

test:  create a file in the given directory in the given location .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  merge   crop
truth:  merge   directory

test:  allows user contents of an help page .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  creates the url for handlers that use usage_keys as url parameters .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  returns the gaussian interpolation for x between x and k .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   compile
truth:  decide   documentation

test:  constructs an object keys with a subgraph encoded and a pair of time .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  a context manager for the given stable group appended .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  determine   rising
truth:  determine   group

test:  resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  resultant   suppose
truth:  resultant   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  given a protobuf string value .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   flattens
truth:  format   output

test:  fail unless the specified extension exists in the certificate .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  enqueue function to log message .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  yield unique elements .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  create an ldap hash with a password key .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  caching decorator for a function .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  log and log an error with a given mount point .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  performs the plaintext cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   sends
truth:  performs   encryption

test:  add attachment_specs table and duplicate meta .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   stores
truth:  add   name

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  convert a network interface to an excel file .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  save a python stream .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  imports   restoring
truth:  imports   data

test:  mock mock .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  autogenerated   pulls
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  make a xfm .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  insert   divides
truth:  insert   matrices

test:  import all python files .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  loads   authenticated
truth:  loads   everything

test:  this is needed to load an authentication provider .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  return the given inset object or raise exception if it does not exist or has no data .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  element-wise truth value .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   providing
truth:  reshapes   tensor

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   disconnects
truth:  find   dir

test:  agent edit .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  enum_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of appropriate sentence from a function .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  takes   safe_octal
truth:  takes   class

test:  return a list of filesystem names only_persist only_persist .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  convert s to int or float .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  adds a spelling entry in a document to a set of segment strings .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  adds   sleep
truth:  adds   files

test:  test an super class with super support .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  add coerced to charset .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   backup
truth:  add   properties

test:  called when the message is called .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  class decorator for setting declarative implementations .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  return a permission no object for the current request .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   crack
truth:  parse   _

test:  shows an existing user .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get tox environment used for subprocess :returns: the environment variables .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  get the text of the request .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  creates   expect
truth:  creates   body

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  returns a list of all networks for a given tenant .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   chisquare
truth:  returns   tuples

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  returns current date .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test for stop_on_first_crash cases .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  volunteer the default backend for cover .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  get   fold
truth:  get   backend

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  redirect to amazon client .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  enter   pulls
truth:  enter   null

test:  update the certificate file if symlinks are not changed .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   scours
truth:  update   family

test:  returns true if the python interpreter is a for other users that arent py3 .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  test that the non-ssd table starts the cube table .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  simple dedent formatter that also strips text .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   supports
truth:  dedent   text

test:  dump a list of gw node .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   killed
truth:  dump   network

test:  returns {status 0/1 .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  return a list of unique elements of l in g .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  check   exposes
truth:  check   values

test:  get the lines in the split line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   del
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   roundrobin
truth:  analyze   application

test:  return art matching art from maxwidth .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   recommended
truth:  fetch   art

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  convenience function for creating a sum of strings .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  task that adds an incoming message to the router .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  retrieve   compress
truth:  retrieve   db

test:  compute the trimmed sample standard error of an array .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  sort the given dict of longest .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   blur
truth:  returns   ordereddict

test:  gets the rdm disk disk .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  gets   listen
truth:  gets   key

test:  returns a dict with the current configuration values .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  factor univariate polynomials over algebraic number fields .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  print the host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  perform   decrease
truth:  perform   action

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   bounds
truth:  fill   table

test:  determine whether the user specified by the lti launch has an existing account .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  returns a function that given a sequence of arguments .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  given two expressions expressions and their acted functions .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  change   unescaped
truth:  change   entries

test:  ensure the cake for a test .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  display a list of profile names .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  check if an ipython ip address is inside a rfc1918 ip address .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  apply batch normalization to an elemwise elemwise .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a remote local is available .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get effective router for this process .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  validate that the given string is valid utf-8 or unicode and that it does not contain any null character .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  install harmonic implementation of dbus .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  returns   crack
truth:  returns   _

test:  assign state of dry .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  returns a specific python version run pyenv .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return an object sha for a given type .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  takes a date string and adds it to a locale for the locale .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  test laplace of an array of all zeros .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  parse the list of tokens or optionally analyzes the current token .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  send usage notifications to the queue .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  generate a template for loading or renders a template .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  send event handler for sonos .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert integer into an int .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   dereference
truth:  return   width

test:  a bash shell that will run a bash shell .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  escape   learn
truth:  escape   quotes

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  return the gravatar url for an email address .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  gets   coefficients
truth:  gets   gravatar

test:  mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  event handler for past .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  calculates hex representation of a hex hex representation .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  formats   gauss
truth:  formats   strings

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  import a custom scripts for import .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   refresh
truth:  import   scripts

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  check the header line errors in the list of errors .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   stubbed
truth:  checks   headers

test:  use executive or not try to verify the response from the settings: .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the function with a salt .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   fonts
truth:  get   layer

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that have been decorated to skip because of a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  initializes sparse formatter according to the given stream .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  create a python object from a string into the prefix .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  converts   flattening
truth:  converts   field

test:  return the public url for an associated user .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ensure the named bookmark name is absent name : string name of the state of the dataset force : boolean try harder : boolean destroy if running .
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   referenced
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  converts a string to a list of whitespace .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the login code based on the given article .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   confirmed
truth:  validates   length

test:  render a formset **tag name**:: bootstrap_field **parameters**: formset the formset that is being rendered layout context value that is being rendered layout .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   grep
truth:  render   formset

test:  simple error message from being used .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  detects log logs .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  detect   deflate
truth:  detect   config

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  this function is two instances of two otu_maps .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  compare   kicks
truth:  compare   otu

test:  test that a windows request params are called by the environment variables which we can do a bit handled .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  allows a taking taking a single field value .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  add   r^2
truth:  add   form

test:  decodes a summarized document .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  handle   express
truth:  handle   -

test:  list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   frees
truth:  list   folders

test:  cold a hypervisor by creating a hypervisor at a specified dict .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  broadcast a remote method invocation with no return .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  invoke   located
truth:  invoke   method

test:  create a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   unescapes
truth:  creates   rule

test:  made of the network device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  commits   loads
truth:  commits   changes

test:  create a brocade specific network .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  extract other offset from a dictionary .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  given a sequence of integers .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get navigator .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  parse an staff staff object from a query index which can be removed or stored .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  initialize   talk
truth:  initialize   packet

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  get   shed
truth:  get   exception

test:  rgb to hsv color space conversion .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  convert an instance of a list of standard type .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  list the filesystem available filesystem glob .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  returns the maximum likelihood matrix for further sampling .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  make sure that a gem source is connected .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  set the host credentials for specific network or list of hosts .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  parse lists as tuple from file .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  returns   optdict
truth:  returns   lines

test:  validate an integer .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  control through all the paths in a directory .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  evaluate   ip
truth:  evaluate   paths

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator for locations that should be a default index .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  enable the named service cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   embedded
truth:  enable   example

test:  remove the logger and default logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  evaluate the expression value as a string .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  decorator that adds the classes to the document .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  creates   accentuated
truth:  creates   getter

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a specific minions to the cache for a specific job .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  store   bcaches
truth:  store   minions

test:  construct the next message from skype .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  sending   exit
truth:  sending   handling

test:  given a list of snippet files .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  a docstring .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  remove   corrupts
truth:  remove   terms

test:  equivalent to byte strings in file as a byte string .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  returns the reverse or identifier dict of the possible primers id .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  return   occur
truth:  return   barcodes

test:  return the gaussian density function for the similarity of the similarity gaussian distribution .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes the given entity .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  performs   activate
truth:  performs   delete

test:  register keystoneclient middleware options .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   forbid
truth:  register   options

test:  test capitalized .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   optimized
truth:  test   script

test:  return exception handler from the given data .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  infer the key after the first fails .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  infer   offset
truth:  infer   parameters

test:  return the path to an executable .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  find   walk
truth:  find   dirname

test:  a binary implementation of the binary .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  send emails to inform the mailing node if it does not already exist .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  prevent   decoding
truth:  prevent   lists

test:  test that columns can be created from quantities .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  process the white image .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  calling   reencrypt
truth:  calling   start

test:  this is a populated needed to hide microsite_configuration behind comprehensive .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  relative : file_input identifier for an absolute path .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  function   controlled
truth:  function   identifier

test:  check that a client is listed in a client flow .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  return a generator of lists of weakly connected components .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  fake a process and all its contents .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  return a dict of jobconf to corresponding jobconf for all config values .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  validate that the jwt modules and throws a valid jwt if translations is valid .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   init
truth:  validate   modules

test:  converts a timestamp to a datetime .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given a hooks object .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  filter   maintain
truth:  filter   mail

test:  remove port forwarding .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   receives
truth:  remove   port

test:  restores a config file .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restores   responds
truth:  restores   database

test:  when a inputs should end and that it can be saved/edited .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  ensure   borrowed
truth:  ensure   instances

test:  save the cache cache dictionary into a configuration object .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   eliminating
truth:  save   cache

test:  format the comp hsp for sequences .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  fill   launch
truth:  fill   coordinates

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct | struct .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  render a warning status .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  make an rgb color for the given radians .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  creates   exhaust
truth:  creates   conversion

test:  plugin registration .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  uses   failing
truth:  uses   style

test:  return true if the given file is an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  make the dataset with the given job id .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  put dummy url into a url .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  transform   access
truth:  transform   url

test:  setup registrar .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  return status and exit .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  helper for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   plan
truth:  get   profile

test:  generate prior for side and envisalink .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   proposed
truth:  generate   chain

test:  list the triggers that pertain to a task in name .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  load data about students in the certificate .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  request   pulls
truth:  request   null

test:  disable the state function or sls run cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   broadcasted
truth:  disable   runs

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   offset
truth:  depending   parameters

test:  check the virtual server for a given id .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  returns a list of constraints for a constraints .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  multiplies   smooth
truth:  multiplies   vector

test:  example action .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  print tensorboard and categories of the categories for the specified category .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  print   points
truth:  print   sub

test:  verify that interpret_sents() works with python values .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   hsv
truth:  test   grammar

test:  get the actual file path of a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  resolve   define
truth:  resolve   path

test:  clear all tests from the suite .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   binhexed
truth:  clear   tests

test:  get a list of texts for two terms of equal a and b .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  set the default colormap to nipy and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  repack xpi .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  clone the file path if it isnt going to be located .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure the named grafana is present .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  generate   printing
truth:  generate   locale

test:  main function to add an archive file .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get the status of a vm vm .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  check if the usage looks like a usage .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a search term plus no types .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  attempts   restoring
truth:  attempts   data

test:  returns setting from given default value .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  get   lambda
truth:  get   django

test:  merge multiple keys together .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  merge   review
truth:  merge   keys

test:  converts bytes to bytes .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  takes   ensures
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse an argument out of a repository .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  splits   ayoung
truth:  splits   base

test:  get an authentication nonce for authentication .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   rect
truth:  get   work

test:  disassociate all fixed ips from a host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  check a base dictionary from a possible .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  checks   flattening
truth:  checks   field

test:  returns the file descriptor to use .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  write   parsefile
truth:  write   descriptor

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns a key which will be used for the entities key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  extracts   intialize
truth:  extracts   root

test:  updates some tvdb exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  either add or update the given course update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  delete   highlights
truth:  delete   update

test:  compute f**n in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  generate   indicate
truth:  generate   polynomial

test:  returns true if there is a lun id available for the given host .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ci-skip configuration .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  convenience function for copy_reg to add arguments to our logins .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert a string into a color .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  test that tabbing after ident .
truth: command history . 
test:  command   remove
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest end after begin .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   mounted
truth:  returns   end

test:  parse a c object from a dictionary .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  through the smallest aspect side as input side .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  resize   indicating
truth:  resize   images

test:  add a timestamp to an aware datetime .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  check the document for p .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a directory where idle of the directory are stored .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   cleave
truth:  return   providers

test:  validate a repository name .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  return the leading coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  divide   imposes
truth:  divide   f

test:  check crlf crlf for event handlers .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  endpoint   fitnesse
truth:  endpoint   events

test:  encode a packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  encodes   executed
truth:  encodes   dictionary

test:  get a context associated with a service .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  renders the courseware page .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  render   preload
truth:  render   content

test:  encrypts a message ekey using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   sends
truth:  encrypts   encryption

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  checks if the adobe file is in the cluster .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  create a new pipeline to a bootstrap pipeline .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  simulate   launching
truth:  simulate   pipeline

test:  calculate the score for a swift episode .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the incompat name of the bottleneck method .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  skip   pulls
truth:  skip   null

test:  returns the signal receiver along the given axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  adapts options from the configuration browser .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  iterator   cause
truth:  iterator   option

test:  just prevent the ldap module .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  for the filename .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  asks for yeelight .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  freezing   calculate
truth:  freezing   windows

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  applies regular expression matching the regex .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  applies   sums
truth:  applies   expression

test:  returns lambda function .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this function returns a new 4-d or inverse constant .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  use   skipped
truth:  use   use

test:  get a list of tuples of the respective components of a vector3 polygon .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  return a zip copy of the given directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   updating
truth:  extract   archive

test:  return the function that operates as the hash of the levi-civita .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in a resource tree .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets the unit name associated with a unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns true if test is present in songs .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  ask for a particular actor instance .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  decides whether g represents a maximal matching in g .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a pound character (#) followed by a new random blank character requirement: * mysql tested against: notes: * useful to bypass several web application
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  runs services as a python application .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  handle   chew
truth:  handle   service

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   unparsing
truth:  create   git

test:  converts a string to decimal format according to decimal format .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  standard deviation .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  use   broadcasted
truth:  use   runs

test:  calculate the order of iterating angles according to theta .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  order   pulls
truth:  order   null

test:  initialize the python interpreter .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  convert a time string to a time object .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  store the given block array .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  store   urlencode
truth:  store   item

test:  train a your roidb .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  list available services for the specified package .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  merge data in files and merge them into per data .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  insert   restoring
truth:  insert   data

test:  a bytestring migration for python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  grain for the minion group id .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  duplicate a list of unique elements .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  return   reallocation
truth:  return   collection

test:  context manager to make a temporary file and return a writeable tempfile .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return data from system_info .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  tickets page: displays all available index .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce the paired dataset .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  call chaining with the given format .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  return a dict with all named groups .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  validate the mailgun webhook timestamp .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handle the customer from the users hook .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get the latest url for a pull request .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  return   documentation

test:  discard cache entries that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  discard   unescaped
truth:  discard   entries

test:  parses a single shlex string into a dictionary .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  given a permutedims of the permutedims .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  permutes   sparsedataset
truth:  permutes   indices

test:  returns a cookiejar of cookies from a single set of cookies .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  add   unenroll
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a mfcc to a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  return a set of plot commands .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  update an object can be required .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  skip test if configuration variables to allow config values to be created .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  raise   freezing
truth:  raise   configuration

test:  encodes a unicode string into a slug .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   compresses
truth:  find   statement

test:  event changes to user .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  check   matches
truth:  check   misc

test:  are we being asked to look up a list of things .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  validate the filters for an action .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  validate   obj
truth:  validate   filters

test:  no window function; simply return x .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  for a function f .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  convert   making
truth:  convert   float

test:  returns an iterator over the mode of data .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  information about the registered session .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  test that distances can be created from quantities .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  deletes the specified security group group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   rising
truth:  deletes   group

test:  this function computes the 6j line symbol .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  declares some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   translates
truth:  defines   flags

test:  plot axes data from a dictionary or a relationships .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  initialize   support
truth:  initialize   time

test:  safely remove the existing directory .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  renders a template at the given path with the given dict of values .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  this is a helper function for simulating the composition composition .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  checks   operate
truth:  checks   h

test:  show all dependencies under the given directory .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   intialize
truth:  scan   root

test:  cache the cache supporting an iterable .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  cache   step
truth:  cache   names

test:  retrieve preferred arguments by a given locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  url i use git repository browser .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  get all the css css data .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  return   proxying
truth:  return   assets

test:  gives the down to get all the consumer .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  test that normal table names are set correctly .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns a minimum cost of a network .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  find   runs
truth:  find   cost

test:  convert an ip address string to an ip number as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  append a period of text to the given text .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  append   standardises
truth:  append   period

test:  the index of the first element in the array a in the closest .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   bench
truth:  locate   value

test:  closes svn requests for a google review request .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  parsing a template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  returns unique list of lists .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  check that it can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   vectorized
truth:  check   webapp

test:  filters out which names match pattern .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  apply migrations for provider facts args: provider facts : facts dict variable returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the provider facts if they were not created in facts if
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   object
truth:  apply   facts

test:  initialize the event notification on some -16 .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  move a host to an existing one .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   preloading
truth:  move   host

test:  test the behavior of --uptodate --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   switch
truth:  test   list

test:  dynamically look up a specific format type by first argument .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get a list of all the locales e .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load if the snapper module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  click a new product component .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  convert decimal coordinates into scipy .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return a dict of keys of keys .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  create a track track from an echo nest track url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get the float statement and interpret the key .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  creates type-specific object from a protobuf .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test using a reference values implementation .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  test that the incoming rotation pools and loadable .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  pulls   totodiles
truth:  pulls   machines

test:  helper function to define an xml tree .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  aggregation the dask dataframe for columns .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  convert   insure
truth:  convert   dataframe

test:  makes the url to the arguments .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  returns the string fasta_filepath: .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  generate   customized
truth:  generate   salt

test:  a testversion for rar .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  generate the primary key keys for a given sequence of keys .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  calculate   orthoganlize
truth:  calculate   hash

test:  returns pain or absolute path of a successful cell in a sourceranges .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  compute   sqlmap
truth:  compute   limit

test:  find the ancestor instance for a person entity in the ou hierarchy .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the seuclidean distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  return the fingerprint of the masters public key on the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  colorize text .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  pulls   detects
truth:  pulls   color

test:  returns round value for the given precision .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  send an email to a configured notification dict .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  email   allocate
truth:  email   user

test:  responds to the game .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  usage: lx imdb .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  provides a regular expression representing a gettext comparator .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  pulls   tag
truth:  pulls   gettext

test:  get the list of items in a directory .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  get   mark
truth:  get   contexts

test:  register an xml writer as supported by the duration of the current decorators .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  adds   mixed
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  perform a "start" action on a vm .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send notification email only .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   targeting
truth:  send   backends

test:  factory method that instantiates a certificate and returns an integer .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  restores the state of this module when passed an object in a previous line .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   currents
truth:  restores   state

test:  this is a hybrid instance of the associated gcode file .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  create an pidof instance for the given remote .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  creates a draganddrop for the given feature and returns a dictionary of time .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   splodge
truth:  returns   keyczar

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  get outside loop from svgreader .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  uses list to return a reply .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  flatten   looping
truth:  flatten   node

test:  takes file like r and returns either a list of paths or set .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  the user to serve the page .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  to remove a host or host and not attached to this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   grouping
truth:  remove   system

test:  decode and parse a crypto meta using the appropriate meta dict .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  this command line options for us .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  returns the prefix for a given number .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this function returns all file in a directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  return   wheather
truth:  return   library

test:  construct an integer from a twos complement .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   forget
truth:  evaluates   inverse

test:  take a list of lists and converts it to a single string .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  given   decoding
truth:  given   lists

test:  provides the current time zone .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  returns   zone

test:  make sure the user is valid .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  push   aff4_type
truth:  push   share

test:  get a database that should be called from templates .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  return   skipped
truth:  return   use

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   renders
truth:  get   series

test:  calculates the zmap score for each value in the sample .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   named
truth:  calculates   z

test:  returns a dict describing user cohorted partitions in the specified course .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  returns   rotated
truth:  returns   partition

test:  construct an entry from a file .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  sort   inform
truth:  sort   entry

test:  solves an order order linear differential equation with coefficients using the substitution of the form of the differential equation .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  uses dijkstras algorithm to compute shortest node graph .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  weighted   collecting
truth:  weighted   b

test:  loads and returns image .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  creates   fileformat
truth:  creates   self

test:  true if cms should be called in the current models .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  invalidates   eliminating
truth:  invalidates   cache

test:  get musicbrainz candidates for an album from a musicbrainz album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  search   decorate
truth:  search   matches

test:  convenience method for checking if a scipy is a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  checks   smooth
truth:  checks   vector

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  fetches a list of available networks cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  remove the file without looking for it .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  set the current requests .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   decides
truth:  verify   sha1

test:  load a configuration file and validate it loads into the specific check .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  find   files
truth:  find   check

test:  copy data from one file to another .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a base variable for a symbol in struct format .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  test whether we are running on mtime .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   widening
truth:  set   location

test:  return true if the given user can view the given username .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  determine   wrapped
truth:  determine   permission

test:  recursively resolve all media files out of the media resource .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  embed   sleep
truth:  embed   files

test:  delete document from document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  load current user from the man .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  disconnects   pulls
truth:  disconnects   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  generator to count calls to sleep .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  print   stop
truth:  print   dots

test:  same as objtag but returns none .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test preload of edf .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   doing
truth:  test   annotations

test:  gets the certificate for an executable in the correct directory .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  provides the iterator that is a byte string .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  converts a list of topics result to a principal command .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  convert an integer to human readable form .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  translates   hover
truth:  translates   bytes

test:  clears internal cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clean   b1
truth:  clean   translations

test:  parse a dotted-path date string into a datetime object .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  waiting for sorting .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  parses keyword argument names and returns tuple of indices or none .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  deregister the check given agent .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  removes   files
truth:  removes   check

test:  makes sure the basics is in the character other than c .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  write a new command to a file or preferred file .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  a book must have a book or a book .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  get the default retryparams .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  updates a postgres user .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  deserialize any time from the given model into a python object .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  translate   restoring
truth:  translate   data

test:  return the address for an address .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  require an http functionality for a given show/movie instance .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  ensures   assign
truth:  ensures   requests

test:  return the current configuration type .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  helper function for the availiable map .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  raises   trivial
truth:  raises   connection

test:  returns the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  create an instance of the gax publisher api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  update settings with an mqtt backends .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  load   responds
truth:  load   database

test:  helper for n-grams .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  create   decrypt
truth:  create   solution

test:  convert images to a numpy array as a numpy array .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  find the inet inet attributes for the type .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  extract   mutate
truth:  extract   column

test:  update the rule looking for a module .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  join   overrides
truth:  join   channel

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  push the specified block onto the current block stack .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  open   converted
truth:  open   block

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model size .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  pulls   reconstitute
truth:  pulls   sound

test:  parse a bytes attribute and return a tuple with the attribute value .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  list tied attached to user account cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  numpy implementation of the sigmoid function .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  uninstall a node from the user .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstalls   identifies
truth:  uninstalls   plugin

test:  returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  check the given message .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  returns the selected nodes from the given node .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  creates a pants setup for the given classifiers .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake participant .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  construct a service description from a service .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return the maximum number of the elements in the given state .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   stacks
truth:  return   states

test:  return all visible groups associated with an account cli example: .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  compute heights .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  computes   restrict
truth:  computes   array

test:  set the current image .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  send locked or issue message .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  called prior to deploying a single built file .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  take   flattens
truth:  take   output

test:  stringify utc time in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  time   shared
truth:  time   string

test:  create a group policy .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  return a clipped in the order of a list of numbers .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  purge all files which are not found in the given pattern .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  delete   disconnects
truth:  delete   dir

test:  print a tree of all the tree size .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   djangos
truth:  print   indentation

test:  clean up the cache locally .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  ensure that tabbing after ident .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  is   turn
truth:  is   case

test:  only work on utilityonlyworkson .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  load   encode
truth:  load   mac

test:  test that the gui args works .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  utility function for creating synthetic java aff4 .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  executes   initializes
truth:  executes   program

test:  install the given i{sigchld} .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   lets
truth:  install   handler

test:  parse a channel mode string .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  return the platonic petersen graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  remove any additional socket from the current enum_seq .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  cleanup   unquoting
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw the graph g with a random layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  check if a string represents a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  turn a version string into a dict .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic 3-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  convert a python datetime object to a string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  a helper function to encode a single bytestring .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   evacuate
truth:  get   precision

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  test x10 address validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  create a default span .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  factory function for quickly getting wsgi chain chain .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an executable in windows .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  derive   define
truth:  derive   path

test:  register a plugin and merge them to an existing plugin .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  separate -> sd? .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  gets a cooked path -- a list of .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  generate a sparse matrix with seed and seed .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  parses a variety of date and returns a 9-tuple in a 9-tuple .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   temperature
truth:  parses   date

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  some arguments were passed to the python module .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   extract
truth:  encode   version

test:  unconditionally skip a single test for pil .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  verify the element we will verify the specified value .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  verify   flow
truth:  verify   fields

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  reorders if changed .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  test   forms
truth:  test   result

test:  generates a invert graph for a graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  inverts   publish
truth:  inverts   graph

test:  remove a session from the database .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  removes   exposes
truth:  removes   values

test:  returns true if there is a type of fileobj .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  return   unpatch
truth:  return   matching

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  parse the options and return a list of arguments .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  returns the gender for a given word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  require a google file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  set then checks on a task .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  set   guess
truth:  set   vars

test:  set or delete metadata on the image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   post_save
truth:  set   metadata

test:  convert a numpy sympy integer to the sympy diagonal .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  create a authentication digest for a given credential .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  returns a list of names for an instance .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  check response headers .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   stubbed
truth:  check   headers

test:  returns a dict from the model that will be used to access a persistent key .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  returns the standard foreign struct for a namespace .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  generate an appropriate router for router and return it .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   prepares
truth:  loads   router

test:  associate a thread to a master on the configuration .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete list of files for all job sources from the given list of admin submission .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  alternative images to be more theory over word2vec .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns the version of salt on the local machine cli example: .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  report   poll
truth:  report   versions

test:  create a dict from a typedvalue .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  this function parses a single string in a chunk of an email chunks .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  pad   summarize
truth:  pad   zeros

test:  create an extension extension with the current dell .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  format blocks of two blocks .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  pulls   multivariate
truth:  pulls   blocks

test:  load json file from file .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  updates all the provided dots with a provided names .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  pulls   pass
truth:  pulls   document

test:  returns boolean true unless x is a sparse matrix parameters x : bool .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  given a state of the loop until it returns a list of states until the state has been migrated .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  loop   currents
truth:  loop   state

test:  copies a python file from the according to the configuration directory .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  load data from already-loaded .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  create   embeds
truth:  create   pandas

test:  mimics interesting trees that are allowed to take the value as a string .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test when we can write source file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  construct a duration field for a field .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  returns a tuple of the form and the uid and type for a given uid .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  returns the type type given a list of values .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  gets   abandoned
truth:  gets   declaration

test:  print single email for the given recipients .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  create an instance of a given error .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  throw   shed
truth:  throw   exception

test:  context manager to easily use != variables to input variables .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  context   accept
truth:  context   env

test:  private args to get a base64 encoded image .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  generate   forwards
truth:  generate   image

test:  injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   forgets
truth:  injects   filesystem

test:  determine the protocol name that is supported by the protocol version .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  builds a configuration path to a relative file .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   wanted
truth:  builds   filename

test:  run the test suite .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  discover   binhexed
truth:  discover   tests

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  create a new instancefault .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  merges the dad dos attack using ns described in section 4 .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the configuration from a user .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns the closing tree .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  inverts   configured
truth:  inverts   tree

test:  decode a unicode uuid .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  decode   bartels
truth:  decode   contents

test:  set the current policy for the specified virtual host cli example: .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  compute the trimmed sample standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  default view for comment .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  stores   iterates
truth:  stores   comment

test:  load a schema file and retrieve it from the given directory .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  returns the number of seconds that is divisible by a string .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  returns the given string with no hex encoding .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  transform the type of compute compute :arg transform on an object that can be evaluated .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  checks barcodes of a map file .
truth: gets header . 
test:  gets   assume
truth:  gets   header

test:  given a view name .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  returns a html formated message header by the client .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  extract   revoked
truth:  extract   details

test:  infer a imported name for the given frame .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   stores
truth:  infer   name

test:  try to get the absolute version of a repository .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  helper for core onto the key names .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  works   migrate
truth:  works   systemd

test:  return the unquoted .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   disabling
truth:  generate   filenames

test:  unquote a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  updates the given document against the given document with a given args .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  cancel   pulls
truth:  cancel   null

test:  given a python object .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   archive
truth:  return   member

test:  see if get_init can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  fetch a specific attachment specs .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  parse a parsed time string to a time object .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  tries   support
truth:  tries   time

test:  get the filenames which is unique by the given filenames .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  given a request object .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  extracts   backup
truth:  extracts   properties

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   error
truth:  pair   bracket

test:  receive a dataframe and return a list of human-readable data .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  convert an ip address string to its component format .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  convert   based
truth:  convert   address

test:  convert a string of bytes to a python number .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  surround   preload
truth:  surround   content

test:  parses an if-range entry from a dictionary of lines that are found .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parse   inform
truth:  parse   entry

test:  get a list of the figure labels for a figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  get all available regions for the aws awslambda service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  delete an exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  discretize gaussian modes with different modes .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  pulls   imagine
truth:  pulls   modes

test:  list all configured quietfuncdef .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  returns   igor
truth:  returns   device

test:  list all available package upgrades .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   intialize
truth:  find   root

test:  returns the value to use to efficient to support models .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  this is a wrapper around the sse2 sse2 .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  invoke   generating
truth:  invoke   shell

test:  negate wiki documents depending on a review tag .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   retuned
truth:  lists   revisions

test:  get an object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  convert a boolean value to a boolean .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test chart rendering with a * normalize .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   replay
truth:  test   chart

test:  load the data modechoice data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  returns a dictionary mapping access to the sandbox asset objects .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  returns   proxying
truth:  returns   assets

test:  test python related python interpreter .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  returns a list of tests to test storage .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  renders all the url of a follow on the page .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   access
truth:  renders   url

test:  command : data error .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  verifies that the cypher key exists in the configuration file .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  preprocess an expression against a set of expressions .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  prepare   craft
truth:  prepare   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  add a known paths to the dictionary of paths and name .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  upgrade any upgrade fields in a signal .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  used   label
truth:  used   custom

test:  returns the blackwhite clip for a given image .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the length of a feature considering when the table of some comments of the steps is longer than the remaining things .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  return a validator registered for the given type .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  get   pipe
truth:  get   validator

test:  returns the timestamp from a timestamp object .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  warning the websocket .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  rewrite   currents
truth:  rewrite   state

test:  configure image with the given image .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  update   forwards
truth:  update   image

test:  normalize a packages name .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  transform a datetime object to a python dictionary .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  test x labels and label labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find qa and sorter for each comment .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return stack environment overrides setting for wrapped applications .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  retrieve   unquoting
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  in header .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  builds   guvectorize
truth:  builds   oauth

test:  generator for a multiline type generator .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  creates a new security group .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  tokenize a url-safe string .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  tokenize   supports
truth:  tokenize   text

test:  read a single line of text file .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  read   hits
truth:  read   filter

test:  retrieve a notification httpd at runtime .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  function   flip
truth:  function   python

test:  return true if the ack is a valid python data can be a list of ack .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  ensure   restoring
truth:  ensure   data

test:  convert an image object to a constant curve object .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  check   twitter
truth:  check   auto

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   preprocess
truth:  returns   networks

test:  returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  generate a single ip address from the given string .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  construct   containing
truth:  construct   ip

test:  return the name of the machine domain .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   union
truth:  get   domain

test:  compute the *l2* norm of *a* .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  pauses   satisfy
truth:  pauses   container

test:  turn a 2d tensor into a sorted array .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  make   cleaning
truth:  make   matrix

test:  completeness the predicate and completeness score at once .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  run doctest on pyproj .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  run   prettyprint
truth:  run   examples

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  quoted -> str get a geometry name for a file .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  start a reference to the file with a local url .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  generalized   pulls
truth:  generalized   null

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  scans a large sess .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  demo   indicating
truth:  demo   images

test:  an exception handler for authorization .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  return a list of features .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  list   handle
truth:  list   features

test:  test that the softmax stays stays the @rtype: .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  constructs   initialise
truth:  constructs   layers

test:  return full path to the directory where we are stored .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  generate   disconnects
truth:  generate   dir

test:  return the named vm cli example: .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  compute the product of a sparse matrix .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   invalidates
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  sun -> string return a triple version of the file .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  pulls   rabins
truth:  pulls   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the splitdrive .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  this is a package comparison of package .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  calculate the json tree from a json file .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  creates the structure of the structure .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  creates   resample
truth:  creates   directories

test:  gets positional and keyword arguments .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns cartesian product of two vectors .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  cross   landing
truth:  cross   sum

test:  add indices to the output stream for a port .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  add   revoked
truth:  add   details

test:  load the scotvote data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   pinned_array
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  return the classifier and the classifier of the classifier classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a valid python target .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  returns the distances travelled along the given curve .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  encode the incoming remote quote -> optimization .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  get all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sets a users profile cli examples: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  change and sns file .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  determine if the argument is a block gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  decorator that skips a function to all subclasses of a specific used as an existing method of the decorated function .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  add   located
truth:  add   method

test:  decorator for skipping tests that require pillow and enforces functions .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture for unsigned unsigned directories .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  when a users channel has completed successfully .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  pulls   extracts
truth:  pulls   socket

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  asserts that an interactive exception is valid .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  verify   instantiate
truth:  verify   arguments

test:  normalize a path to an image .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  matches   allocate
truth:  matches   user

test:  this function makes a decorator to define a lazy lazy lazy lazy lazy cache .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  be   pulls
truth:  be   null

test:  service : service identifier { field_seq } .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  recursively write a tar file to a existing directory .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  writes the xml alignment to a file in the given xml stream .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  send   switch
truth:  send   list

test:  try to get the user and .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  try to determine the user from request .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   knapsack
truth:  upload   request

test:  convert a unicode string to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  returns barcode sequence .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  split   reveal
truth:  split   sequence

test:  deletes user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  converts any file path to an absolute .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  checks whether user can push translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  filter out private items in google cloud storage + reconcilers dict .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  reads an image file .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  import   been
truth:  import   format

test:  return a string of key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   skipped
truth:  generate   use

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete all files recursively .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a resource object for interacting with a fixed_quad resource .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  iterate over masked values .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  repack repo .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  return a somewhat-helpful module name .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  assemble   pulls
truth:  assemble   null

test:  convert the given ctypeobj to a ctypes type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  test for a lazy shell command .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  test   aliased
truth:  test   json

test:  stub for generating request .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is greater than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a tuple containing the version number from version .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  create a yaml stream .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  loads   freezing
truth:  loads   configuration

test:  return available packet images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  return the gaussian address .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  get   transliterate
truth:  get   variable

test:  test that the url of there are there are there .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  pulls   appends
truth:  pulls   add

test:  returns a list of the creation sequence in g .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  find   reserve
truth:  find   subgraph

test:  takes element from sequence .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  place a document or shuts remote_yard .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a path relative to the collection .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  checks if the provided string represents a valid ipv6-address address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  return a list of tokenize attributes .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  find the name and codegen bool based on the name passed to the header and the header statement .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  generate   associate
truth:  generate   expressions

test:  x is a reference across the distance between list of matrices in the :ref:user guide <metrics> and x .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  handle   turn
truth:  handle   case

test:  split a path and return a tuple of .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  splits   utf-8
truth:  splits   argument

test:  retrieve the volumes creation time of a volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  extract   support
truth:  extract   time

test:  check for correctness of the old series shifted by one .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  collect tool command line list of current syntax .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  ensure   inquire
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  multiply two rows and pointer to the console .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  decode some base64 encoded value into base64 .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   connect
truth:  encodes   entities

test:  returns true if the given color is an html color .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  add source to sources .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  extracts   deployments
truth:  extracts   sources

test:  this function performs messages on the given attributes .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  return true if the file is being .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test the fit sample routine with decision-tree .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  returns true if g is a isolate for g .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  determines   looping
truth:  determines   node

test:  test that numpy .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  returns   extension

test:  convert a pathname we dont use to .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read text from file .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   project
truth:  return   ascii

test:  make a polar polar call to polar templates .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  make   memoizes
truth:  make   plot

test:  catch the default code of uses event handler to catch the watch changed .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  create custom metric descriptor .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  take the most keys in the remote keys and return a tuple with the remote host keys .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  return   polynomials
truth:  return   codes

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  run all the auditors .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to reset .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute cross-talk functions for 3d quota .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  update the callbacks font properties .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  the first m of the callable in the registry .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup and return mystrom switch .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  test the locale from the .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  make   changes
truth:  make   languages

test:  migrate quotes to a remote node .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  migrate   sleep
truth:  migrate   files

test:  returns a list of comments from the given status .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   dataframe
truth:  get   comments

test:  get the unique vulns for a chain of time .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  adapt   flattens
truth:  adapt   output

test:  for a yes/no parameter .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  run system command in a python environment .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  executes   flip
truth:  executes   python

test:  called out the api code access to the access token .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  obtain   scop
truth:  obtain   token

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   unenroll
truth:  test   cookies

test:  check for one after the cinder .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   been
truth:  check   format

test:  given a user .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   deduce
truth:  return   programs

test:  escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler argument .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  yaml: whitesource publish trend reports on whitesource .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  format a packed random output for a file .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  packs   eliminates
truth:  packs   elements

test:  get a list of dicts .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  generate   fragment
truth:  generate   report

test:  get the interpolation with the given lexical form and pos .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  loads an extension from the given module and returns the module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  does the given matching matching matching list .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  determines   search
truth:  determines   d

test:  create a new identity using the given id and tenant .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   generating
truth:  communicate   shell

test:  validate that forces text textbooks are unique .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   supports
truth:  validate   text

test:  decorate all the nodes under the given depth .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  function   push
truth:  function   depth

test:  construct signal from epochs .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  reconstruct   dumps
truth:  reconstruct   signal

test:  calculate the given data for a given chunk .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  determine if the grafana files changed .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  get all extra specs for a flavor type .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  print an undefined-step snippet of add_positions .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return a dictionary representation of node data or fields .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   skipped
truth:  serialize   use

test:  order image elements .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns the maximum absolute value of a csr or csc matrix .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  vdot hyperbolic 32-bit values over a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  for a custom subreddit .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  generate an md5 hash for a given key .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  receive   review
truth:  receive   keys

test:  use netmiko to change the similarity of each device in the device .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  return a dict of active config values .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get saml provider document .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   embedded
truth:  get   example

test:  return a sparse matrix matching the given radians .
truth: like rand . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns http code from an http code .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return true if m is from a fifo .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  check   created
truth:  check   mode

test:  log info with logging .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  tokenize a generator that yields tuples of text .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  generate a hook that may generative the given exception .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  create a widget from a widget .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  populates   flow
truth:  populates   fields

test:  for a source code in a <path> .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  helper function that filters a trace context .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a dict of : mappings for an entire xem .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this function is used for use in the gui .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  pulls   explode
truth:  pulls   processes

test:  adapt the destination field from subtree into destination .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  map   localize
truth:  map   reference

test:  transform a string to an array .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  extract the external port from a server .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  inspect   satisfy
truth:  inspect   container

test:  return routes for the interface cli example: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  add   refresh
truth:  add   scripts

test:  reorder the model on a var(p) process .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  converts a dictionary to a flat dct .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  take   forbid
truth:  take   options

test:  allows an instance until it does not exist .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  blocks   center
truth:  blocks   ec2

test:  nonnegative an int .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  check   linkify
truth:  check   integer

test:  prints a single string of a base context .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  render a form form **tag name**:: **parameters**: form the form form }} .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  dump all the module data for the current thread .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dumps   solve
truth:  dumps   settings

test:  add vector3 to each element .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  convert a datetime .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  extract the data into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  decorator for setting dirty and prints their handlers .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  read a single json file into a string .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  return the mock client object with the specified user .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns the accuracy of the correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  return a file descriptor for the given frame .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  pulls   marathon
truth:  pulls   opening

test:  formats a string to json .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  convert a sequence of text strings into a single string .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  stop   retuned
truth:  stop   revisions

test:  execute a command and read the output as yaml .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  checks if options .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  extract a dictionary of nodes from a sympy tree at a time .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   revert
truth:  extract   i18n

test:  returns a list of for the given queryset .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  takes   offer
truth:  takes   queryset

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  return the value for a specific configuration key .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a aws aws datastore name for the given target .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  add a user to the users home directory .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  delete   allocate
truth:  delete   user

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  show the specified notification on the minion .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  return any optional timestamp information in the request .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  if the given source was not a static file .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  expand   sums
truth:  expand   expression

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  determine the segment scaled inside the widget .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  takes a complete set of tuples and add it to the complete search for creating the paths .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  creates the default enrollment for the given user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a dict of assets for a app in a given chunk .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  delete   proxying
truth:  delete   assets

test:  test that we can add only replace models .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  setup   embed
truth:  setup   logging

test:  gets any number of latest posts and stores them in a varable .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   act
truth:  gets   categories

test:  return a list of names that contain sorted iterable .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  determine   allocate
truth:  determine   user

test:  read bitpacked and converts it to deprecated .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   exposes
truth:  read   values

test:  translate the url to a user .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  reset the id of the docker docker .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  populate   pending
truth:  populate   default

test:  an object form field .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  write a stream .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  approx of the distance of a multivariate polynomial .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vertex paths from paths and add an indexed polygon .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  compute the gaussian density estimator for the accumulated distribution parameters n : array the symmetric gaussian : array_like the peak of nodes in the positive data .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  resnet-200 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this bucket .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   enhanced
truth:  copy   object

test:  tests that the tpot cli interfaces tree is well-defined on input .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  tests   configured
truth:  tests   tree

test:  creates a message that may be displayed in our migrations .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  change   rescales
truth:  change   event

test:  helps you get the connected certificates for a given cluster node .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  build   encapsulate
truth:  build   instance

test:  get redis key value from a redis hash cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  creates a test user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  if the given old build file is equal .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  rebuild   exposes
truth:  rebuild   values

test:  helper for storing a list of strings .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  qt qt application with an numbers .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  const_value : intconstant | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generator to find all defined rules using the given directory .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  yields   put
truth:  yields   rules

test:  generate a header length length from a sparse length .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  determine if a file contains all folders on disk .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only load this module if the gluster command exists .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  compute pivoted lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  given a string encoding .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  generate a certificate for the given certificate domain cli example: .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   producing
truth:  generate   certificate

test:  split a iterator into pairs .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  method for generatorop .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  evening star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  pulls   pressing
truth:  pulls   cover

test:  create a record object from a json record .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  coerce   presents
truth:  coerce   mapping

test:  create content from a directory of categories that need to be installed .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 string to binary representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   combined
truth:  converts   ipv4

test:  add skein from surrounding loops from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  create a new thread for the current thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  creates   vms
truth:  creates   thread

test:  test that we can folder doesnt have spam when banner between folder and folder .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  deactivate pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   colorized
truth:  deactivate   context

test:  loads a list of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  return the status status of the given process .
truth: get status code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  ensures customer are deleted .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  pulls   l{twisted
truth:  pulls   subscription

test:  read everything data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  call and enable first service lanes .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  pulls   paginates
truth:  pulls   queues

test:  test catalog without having the catalog catalog .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  load   tag
truth:  load   gettext

test:  return text without a job when there is any old diff .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  like 2822 .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  create   childnodes
truth:  create   timestamp

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   call
truth:  return   docstrings

test:  temporarily set the attr of a particular object to a given value then revert out .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  mount a partition with mountpoint .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   forgets
truth:  mount   filesystem

test:  removes the current exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a list of people by the given name .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  check if we can be pass a file library can be created .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  adds a public plugin class to be defined .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  produce an instance of the page with the given request .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  request   access
truth:  request   url

test:  get list of data for tags .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse command-line argument lines in a sequence .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  expr   tz_localize
truth:  expr   seq

test:  creates a list of tokens before the linux stream .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  transforms   accounted
truth:  transforms   sign

test:  create a continuous cell .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  create   computes
truth:  create   cell

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  get a security group from a security group .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  docstring for install_scipy .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  divide nested tuples for each step in l .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   falls
truth:  yield   max_rows

test:  update a draft with the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  sync   expands
truth:  sync   draft

test:  put a url back to the given url .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  put   access
truth:  put   url

test:  into into pyopenssls .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  encrypt   labeled
truth:  encrypt   file

test:  training controller - used for access to the participants controller .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   extract
truth:  training   version

test:  add a condition to the vehicle .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  the readline should contain the expected label .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  ensure   break
truth:  ensure   operations

test:  send a message to a message .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   unload
truth:  send   client

test:  helper to verify that the request is valid .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  checks   unescapes
truth:  checks   rule

test:  record ownership modified .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  customize   plan
truth:  customize   profile

test:  redirects the specified location to the 303 using http other method .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return a hashlib value for obj .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  extract messages from a given action for an alias .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   allocate
truth:  extract   user

test:  decorator for marking a function or method .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  construct the current course we have a rpc cache .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  works   overlay
truth:  works   func

test:  test %reset ip reset settings with rst settings .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  reset   makes
truth:  reset   namespaces

test:  a simple middleware that is suitable for listed in a constant .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  creates   roundrobin
truth:  creates   application

test:  train a transformation matrix that is a logged-out matrix .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  train   outset
truth:  train   classifier

test:  send the given message to be sent to the client .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns list of admin users email address .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  find and return a vm from the specified datacenter .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  unquoting   reported
truth:  unquoting   function

test:  to catch any u'post add .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  accepts a data structure and converts it to a dictionary .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  computes   restoring
truth:  computes   data

test:  click a click on the element based on the element .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  add rack holes to vector3rackprofiles .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  maximum text .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  abbreviate   carve
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return threshold value based on its mean sauvola .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  applies   rrmgr
truth:  applies   threshold

test:  return a list of appropriate callbacks for a canvas .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  get   pick
truth:  get   callback

test:  create a new permission grant and add it to a provided role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   wrapped
truth:  create   permission

test:  flatten a nested dict converts a dictionary with nested values to a single level flat dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats a timedelta .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  format   skipped
truth:  format   use

test:  yaml: timestamps timestamps a timestamps parameter .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  pulls   exercise
truth:  pulls   timestamps

test:  loads a xml file and returns a handle of it .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   publish
truth:  load   graph

test:  returns a list of configured language bidi .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  returns   languages

test:  run a test and run its results .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  read image data from a file .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  read   forwards
truth:  read   image

test:  create an email response for the given parameters .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  returns   yamlify
truth:  returns   rrset

test:  makes on sff from sff file .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns true if the given undefined is in the given fields .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  returns time in function that require the epoch .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  run a wnb .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  return the file paths to be used for joining .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  no qualname .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  converts string into a normalized byte .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  first wrapper for the jinja environment .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  create   masks
truth:  create   jinja2

test:  generates an in-process log message .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  server   decorating
truth:  server   log

test:  searches user id .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  extract the first invite invite for transforms .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  sending   pulls
truth:  sending   null

test:  get the default domain object .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  gets   enhanced
truth:  gets   object

test:  uses a list of all virtual nodes as a dictionary .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  given a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   pass
truth:  rename   document

test:  coerce value to a time naive .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  convert string into a list of dns .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  convert   translates
truth:  convert   flags

test:  load the coverage documentation for a single dimension .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  connect a network and client protocol instances to a file .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  return a list of the ssh user names .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  get a value that can be used to between [0 .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  given a line of the format transform .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  return an iterator over a sequence of lists in seq .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  update the status of the parent object field .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   pass
truth:  update   document

test:  validate cls against cls .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  validate   restoring
truth:  validate   data

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute the shortest path lengths using ascii85 .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  run a centimeters error .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  loads all data from all returners on the returner .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   caused
truth:  write   return

test:  unconditionally return true if the object is a known type .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  modify a cache cluster to a cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  update   joins
truth:  update   cluster

test:  recursively undefer .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  back slashes need to be escaped in item args .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  replace   flip
truth:  replace   python

test:  restful crud controller for base base .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  casts any value to a bool .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  setup the snmp camera .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   m
truth:  setup   tv

test:  register a colormap some colormap .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  add   gather
truth:  add   colormap

test:  plots a time series for a mid-steps axes or before a new column .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  do not even here .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  create an arma impulse problem with coefficients for the given signal and ma .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  validate that a topic is not valid .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  turn light off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  called   rising
truth:  called   group

test:  test subjectselector .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  test   singular
truth:  test   volumes

test:  reference(s): url url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an array on an array of data .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  masked   confirmed
truth:  masked   length

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   waveform
truth:  print   products

test:  indicates whether we can perform any of the image .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  get authentication token from google cloud storage .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   source
truth:  make   overlay

test:  convert s to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  return ansi escape string .
truth: string in color . 
test:  string   detects
truth:  string   color

test:  generate a time column in the database .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  list all vms on this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get dataset size from words .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  get version from revno .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  decorator to occured which only works with secure .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  like   unlinks
truth:  like   fixture

test:  log an agreement message .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  log   consisting
truth:  log   link

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a class .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  checks if the process is an ubuntu distribution .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  constructs an individual rshiftequal utility function for conversion to send the various format on the host .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  remove the signals from the os configuration file cli example: .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  convert integer to an integer or a number of dimensions .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  compute an gauss-laguerre gauss-laguerre algorithm of a univariate polynomial f .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that a wheels has no distributions found .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  parses a query string and returns a interprets object .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  unregister a previously registered serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   enter
truth:  unregister   serializer

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   insures
truth:  set   projections

test:  this function is designed to be a backwards compatibility .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  default   labels
truth:  default   transform

test:  writes a base64 encoded file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  unsubscribe a list .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  unsubscribe   switch
truth:  unsubscribe   list

test:  returns a list of n unique elements of g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  returns   grant
truth:  returns   power

test:  download translations from bench for bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  download   b1
truth:  download   translations

test:  return a dict for all ips for the linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel functions y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  display box by tags .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  given a path .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return the year for a locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  get   canonicalize
truth:  get   unicode

test:  return an sqlalchemy about all activities for a user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  computes the percentage of all tasks and '----------------------------------------' tasks .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  starts   shift
truth:  starts   tasks

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  orders   allocate
truth:  orders   user

test:  compute the mean and redraw everything in the given register .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  accept   bench
truth:  accept   value

test:  load an authentication from the secrets file .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  initializes   search
truth:  initializes   d

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the parent class .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  generates a json web model for the current request .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  builds   access
truth:  builds   url

test:  parse the first id of the list of lines that are found in lines .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  list all the agents .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  the assumption [1] and provides the difference between the result of alpha .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  serialize a piece of text in a piece of four characters .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  reserializes   restoring
truth:  reserializes   data

test:  test the importer using user-defined module types .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  moment conditions for estimating distribution parameters using method of moments .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  default locale .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  were   pulls
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  allow   usage_key_string
truth:  allow   view

test:  determine if the line for the given line is blank line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send a progress timestamp .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  it doesnt install and capture from socket .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  upgrade   labeled
truth:  upgrade   file

test:  create a network on a specified network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   retry
truth:  create   subnet

test:  computes the cityblock distance .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  create volunteer and delete cachedir .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  set   separated
truth:  set   aes

test:  a context manager decorator that adds a signal to the end of a specific block .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  patch   batch
truth:  patch   code

test:  makes a uniform random params for list of length n .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  draws   contructs
truth:  draws   sample

test:  guess and decode a plural value from a string .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  processing   freeze
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  show the window with a [idx]return idx .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  default value: .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  return   expect
truth:  return   body

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  check   assign
truth:  check   requests

test:  sum of a sentence .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  sum   estimates
truth:  sum   squares

test:  decrypt a aes with aes .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   restoring
truth:  decrypt   data

test:  get warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  get   stopped
truth:  get   statistics

test:  return a :class: .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  declaration_specifiers : specifier_qualifier_list struct_declarator_list semi .
truth: empty : . 
test:  empty   pulls
truth:  empty   null

test:  creates multiple of the graph containing a local tag names .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  construct   publish
truth:  construct   graph

test:  assert that all rows of an array of matrices are finite .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  throw   expr
truth:  throw   valueerror

test:  takes unquoted string which may or may not contain any other characters .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  remove   shared
truth:  remove   string

test:  get the course and check if it is valid .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  process screen errors and return a dict of yyyymmdd data .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  calls progress() to 2 .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  function   relies
truth:  function   logic

test:  concatenates a bridge from the given blockdevice_id .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  send   fixes
truth:  send   manager

test:  this should be called from django 1 meaning .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  add the given fake groups .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  use source field to update organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  parse data .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  startup   lstrip
truth:  startup   set

test:  determine if the loop is inside the end loop and is inside the end points .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   kill
truth:  given   datasource

test:  get a schema in the database .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test replacing python integer .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  test   parameterize
truth:  test   integers

test:  determine if a path is crossing inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  read lines from the file encoding and print it .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  try   unifies
truth:  try   encoding

test:  get current logical timezone .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  determine   imageidfield
truth:  determine   debugging

test:  returns a datastore field for a field .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   shut
truth:  returns   checker

test:  update the named ports .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  set   edit
truth:  set   ports

test:  call an gevent nodes and clean define a schema .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  remove   downgrades
truth:  remove   point

test:  get the remote system of a file .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  retrieve a comment and optionally return it .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  retrieve   iterates
truth:  retrieve   comment

test:  migrate database to database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  mock mock error thrown outside the given url .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  decode an encoded string in a given list of strings .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  this method is called in the list .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  returns a dict containing the most likely urls for a given request .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  remove user from conference .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  split a pathname in head and extension .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  given a dictionary of parameters .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   display
truth:  test   print

test:  helper method to copy the contents of a terminal .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  redirects   feeds
truth:  redirects   stderr

test:  checks if dipy is not found .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test whether assumptions is passed to the assumptions .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  gets a list of hit objects for this database .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   reencrypt
truth:  get   start

test:  create a file .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  determine if the argument is a ieee .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  convert token .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if we should send emails to get the given email .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  returns the version from git version .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  only load the module if htpasswd is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  browse path with a page .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  open   equate
truth:  open   browser

test:  determines whether the request is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  return the textile and text headers for an html or a template .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  function   offset
truth:  function   parameters

test:  convenience function for computing the operation .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   responds
truth:  queries   database

test:  attempts to find bc in a given sequence of : sampleid file .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the timeout has been updated with an timeout .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  redirects to the user to the home page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  named   usage_key_string
truth:  named   view

test:  visit a testsuite for interacting with right methods .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  visit   carry
truth:  visit   test

test:  return a list of submodules to user-provides languages files in the same directory as this module .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  this calls the windows regqueryvalueex function in a unicode safe way .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  calls   calculate
truth:  calls   windows

test:  returns path to directory of paths .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  perform 2d nl operation on an image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  serialize an socks error message .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  serialize   encapsulate
truth:  serialize   instance

test:  tests retrieving a search request .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  tests   dos
truth:  tests   search

test:  ensure that tabbing after ident .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  rendering   regroups
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset a network to a server .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   clones
truth:  reset   server

test:  make a single string from an application binary .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  turn   shared
truth:  turn   string

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  ensure   reuse
truth:  ensure   endpoints

test:  return a list of all the directories under which the given themes .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  this will store the current timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  stores   stores
truth:  stores   name

test:  creates an internal thing of the lh .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   carves
truth:  creates   constraint

test:  create a new user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  somebody connected to the configdir .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   share
truth:  connected   homepage

test:  checks if two locations are isomorphic of a boolean and do not divisible .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  determines   joins
truth:  determines   cluster

test:  download a zip file .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  download   identifies
truth:  download   plugin

test:  display a commit message .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  create   disappear
truth:  create   commit

test:  skip a test if a file has a default .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  sort the values in a tensor .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  vertical sobel on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  return a schema list of all roles in the database .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  wait for a package to be passed with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  test mne solution in hdf5 file .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  generates an existing alloc with the given updated and boto3 .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  migrate   restoring
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get a group group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  calculates a maxima constant for the correction of the trajectory .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  returns the subgraph induced by nodes passing number .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   initalize
truth:  return   k

test:  serialize python object to a value for object: .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  serialize   enhanced
truth:  serialize   object

test:  returns true if the wcs for two images .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns an ipython job .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  read the string .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  create a document current server-side session to a session .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  create   command
truth:  create   session

test:  lettuce can .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  default   turn
truth:  default   case

test:  return sid from an name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  dont use this function to remove the values that are update from the context .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  modify   unquoting
truth:  modify   environment

test:  using 20 tweets sampled from the public streaming api to a file .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  sample   supplied
truth:  sample   api

test:  return the translation setting .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  subtract an argument over a constant in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  set the security groups for the specified security group cli example: .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  modifies   inits
truth:  modifies   security

test:  moves one or more alternative if it exists .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  prints   wake
truth:  prints   msg

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   extract
truth:  removes   version

test:  replace the gp_generation record for non-blocking .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  replace   supplied
truth:  replace   api

test:  list associated profile groups associated with an iam role .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  download the current user from the downloaded .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  disemvowels a google cloud storage path fixing .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  constructs   define
truth:  constructs   path

test:  converts depth into a float vector .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  stores binary file or qual translations from a sff file .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  compute the post-processes .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   transliterate
truth:  compute   variable

test:  for historical reasons .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  catch a single transform .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  select   pick
truth:  select   callback

test:  returns whether a review request has an action on a review request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wait for a vm to return the status .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  assert needles gives the same as the haystack .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  assert   corrupts
truth:  assert   terms

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a flat top window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  returns a page from a path .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  resolves   define
truth:  resolves   path

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   binhexed
truth:  execute   tests

test:  update a certificate lineage .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  get cloudwatchevents client object from given url .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  returns a list of courses sorted by their announcement courses .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sorts   disconnect
truth:  sorts   courses

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  pulls   corresponding
truth:  pulls   wheel

test:  yields chain of same length as chain .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  updates   proposed
truth:  updates   chain

test:  decorator to locked the volume .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  lock   break
truth:  lock   operations

test:  retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  cancels   pulls
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts label to binary representation label .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   inhibit
truth:  converts   label

test:  parse and return an xml tree .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  test   exit
truth:  test   handling

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  check   deserializes
truth:  check   pyenv

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  helper method to search for a collection .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  halt the execution of a different spawned thread .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  suspend   vms
truth:  suspend   thread

test:  create an standard or docked interactive window .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  returns an iterator over gamma and quality .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   returned
truth:  returns   numbers

test:  check that the and/or and/or line numbers are datadog and that we have checked out of each data .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   small_stmts
truth:  checks   line

test:  helper for converting a list of strings to a resource_view view .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  parse   sign
truth:  parse   pair

test:  set the eng accuracy .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  alter   pings
truth:  alter   behavior

test:  get the full command for the package .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  paging request type paging section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  paging   alignment
truth:  paging   section

test:  compute the covariance m step for mstep .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  returns the url to the appropriate api .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  update srcpath from srcpath xml .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  list the installed startup disks disks .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  builds a new pull subscription for the given subscription .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   stops
truth:  create   topic

test:  generates a cache key for each row in the database .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  xor   currents
truth:  xor   state

test:  return pagination or request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  return a new transform of zero or more tensor together .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  given   destroy
truth:  given   dtype

test:  get media descriptor object from media descriptor object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   prompt
truth:  get   locator

test:  split the python code is an expression .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  returns   preserve
truth:  returns   int

test:  encode a single list .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   export
truth:  encode   tuple

test:  parse a single instance into the form of the supplied object .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  print   update
truth:  print   knowledge

test:  return size of filesystem path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an integer to a rational float .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   making
truth:  converts   float

test:  prefix a request with an seeother .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  pulls   asserting
truth:  pulls   redirect

test:  courses controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  tests that the random numbers generated by creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  n-dimensional array of labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   format
truth:  converts   parameter

test:  download data from a url .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  reverse the youtube youtube by ftplib and the search content .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  reverse   limiting
truth:  reverse   order

test:  select the slot path from aspath .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  unite -> set repeats the elements of iterable .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  turns   restrict
truth:  turns   array

test:  return the name of a template .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   pulls
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  add a tzinfo tzinfo tzinfo .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  adds additional information to the default directory to be passed as the system .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  provide   pings
truth:  provide   behavior

test:  md5sum a hash of the md5sum of a string .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  md5sum   trying
truth:  md5sum   basestring

test:  maps all the current --unit .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  returns an instance of all validation function names into a dict whose keys are more validation .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  prefix   randomise
truth:  prefix   message

test:  update the config file to match the standard config .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  start async async help .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  pulls   polishing
truth:  pulls   celery

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  add   labeled
truth:  add   file

test:  enforce a nice structure on the configuration files .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  signal out a private key .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  manage   wheter
truth:  manage   existence

test:  deactivate students certificates for extensions .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  regenerate   allocate
truth:  regenerate   user

test:  return the path to the built-in resource vector .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  pulls   smooth
truth:  pulls   vector

test:  populate row with the given row and converts it to a dictionary of variables .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  populate   highlight
truth:  populate   row

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no normal .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  element-wise tensor .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   blocking
truth:  merge   outputs

test:  respond with allowed and permission from settings .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  only load this module if python-ethtool is installed on this minion .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  returns the end of the given url .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable and contains any possible path .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  recursively collects all files in a directory .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  compute the style loss for go activation .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  enum_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | function field_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove all pyglet pyglet from the event .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clears   fitnesse
truth:  clears   events

test:  test for lineinfo inputs for creating lines .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  takes markdown text and returns the corresponding description .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  setup the func2 and_expression .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   emit
truth:  setup   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  given a series of csv .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  figure   review
truth:  figure   keys

test:  escape a line that may or may not be present in a line .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replaces   flashes
truth:  replaces   characters

test:  clears a previously set field override for the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  remove   tile
truth:  remove   information

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  sort a tree into a tree .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   put
truth:  compose   rules

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the argument part of a function .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  fetches the authorized dns domain and its metadata domain .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a version of v1 that few matches v1 .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  diff   skip
truth:  diff   difference

test:  returns an absolute path to a relative module .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  input   encapsulate
truth:  input   instance

test:  initialise module .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns a entity object representation of a entity .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  ignore   turn
truth:  ignore   case

test:  cleanup temporary dirs/files to regain a clean state .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   forced
truth:  cleanup   artifacts

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  selected a remote server session .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  transfer   pulls
truth:  transfer   null

test:  wrapper around url .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  make sure the object is of an object type .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the mean of the next series is farther than three standard mean .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  test that creating selection and checks checks for position .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   popup
truth:  test   effects

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test whether an object is an instance of a built-in numeric type .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  given a currency string as set in sales module to a given value .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  adds   duplicates
truth:  adds   symbol

test:  returns a list of all available calculators .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  watch a specific gui .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  deletes   listen
truth:  deletes   key

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is greater than a given version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the incident table .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  url   overlap
truth:  url   encode

test:  check that autoincrementing gcrs has no resource_selector as the two gcrs .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  replace impact .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  cms controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  removes the metadata from the package name .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  return   compresses
truth:  return   statement

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around an assignment operator .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  the decorated class with a metaclass .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  monkeypatch   walks
truth:  monkeypatch   metaclass

test:  copy data from a file and all stat modules .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  flatten a single app file .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  convert   mutes
truth:  convert   app

test:  convert a docstring into lines of lamps since common leading/trailing dict of numbers .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  fill   reported
truth:  fill   function

test:  return the root directory of hadoop .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   predicate
truth:  return   sql

test:  try and instantiate an ssl instance ssl socket .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  do a new url for the given server_url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  check if enough vs file is complete .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  iterates over the ids in db .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  search   dos
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  retrieve the state data from the salt master and display it custom state data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   restoring
truth:  retrieve   data

test:  queries the value of an adapter field along the forward table .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  list   undoes
truth:  list   routes

test:  return an array with the weighted weighted stable usage .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  compute   applies
truth:  compute   percentile

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   clones
truth:  initialize   server

test:  jump_statement : return expression_opt semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read 16bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   cleaning
truth:  read   matrix

test:  run before displaying the next hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  executed   batch
truth:  executed   code

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the gauss-lobatto quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a trained model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   pushing
truth:  load   model

test:  add an iterable or list of classified classified it .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  bind   instantiate
truth:  bind   arguments

test:  check if were running .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return a tuple of for each getsourcelines line .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  a decorator that enables returns true if the imported is present in the video class .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  return the path to the directory where we are located .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  starting   pulls
truth:  starting   null

test:  like mkdir -p .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  return a list of directory in the exclude tree .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  applies a full clip to the given image .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  transforms   pair
truth:  transforms   photo

test:  get a filter to check if a group is being created from a cg group .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  get   hits
truth:  get   filter

test:  return the output of the services that marks the given file .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prints an existing user for a specific user .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  iterate   emit
truth:  iterate   access

test:  converts a list of data which is camel like specification .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  convert   clusters
truth:  convert   camel

test:  function to return the given attribute out of the given meth .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test getting completion for bash shell .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  test   enable
truth:  test   bash

test:  test external base-64 base-64 of the files that resource belongs to the javascript interface .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  decorator for marking if functions is a valid python function .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  pulls   share
truth:  pulls   homepage

test:  returns a dictionary product of merging the current key and the default value .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  take a parameters from the module and return a dictionary of parameters .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  yaml: validating a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  evaluate a receives with corresponding parts of evaluation .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  transfer two consecutive events to collection .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  transfer   reallocation
truth:  transfer   collection

test:  returns a list of unique facet items for the facet .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  list all unassign .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  returns size of a binary v1 between v1 vectors .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  correlation   host
truth:  correlation   numpy

test:  pull out the specified search for the given number of seconds .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  searches   clones
truth:  searches   server

test:  channel section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  make a record constant as a multipart array of bytes .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   restrict
truth:  create   array

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   converted
truth:  define   block

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  return the matrix *m* of an array on a vector n .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  raise   cleaning
truth:  raise   matrix

test:  convert aware :class:~datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  set   suggests
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  expand a path in working format .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  provides   define
truth:  provides   path

test:  ensure that the current document can be updated .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  dedent   pulls
truth:  dedent   null

test:  return an absolute path with ~user and env .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  resolve   hanging
truth:  resolve   variables

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  reset to the cached language cache for the smtp language .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  reset   changes
truth:  reset   languages

test:  inverse generator function .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   substitute
truth:  parse   records

test:  return true if the given node seems to be imported .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  check   venonats
truth:  check   try

test:  nv == orv == nv(union) .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  shortcut for a collection element .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  returns a dict mapping the keys in the provided dict .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  return dictionary of signed content names .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  testing the colorful output of many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  run a process and return the output size .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  removes fs files .
truth: many builds . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  create a database .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  creates   responds
truth:  creates   database

test:  for services not cause a file of text to expect the n_samples .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  ensure that a named user is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  disable   unmask
truth:  disable   profiles

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  apply indentation level .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a right-stochastic representation of a network .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   hash
truth:  return   flow

test:  create the full theme inheritance name .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  over over messages .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the lists of the unsorted and end of the file .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  returns option names .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   capa
truth:  get   circle

test:  log a debugging message usage:: log .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  return all available boot services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  add system email to a user .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  add   fixes
truth:  add   manager

test:  extract only the version from binary binary .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   been
truth:  extracts   format

test:  run a wsgi application in a subprocess file .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns whether a user is in the context .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: in mode .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   learns
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the configuration options passed in salt .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns a list of the names of all enabled plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that creation fails .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  do not use json so that it is not in data point .
truth: compress json . 
test:  compress   aliased
truth:  compress   json

test:  context manager to make the parent template output .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  make   inputhook
truth:  make   sys

test:  create srt .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  account   activate
truth:  account   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  use netmiko to change the logging buffer size on pynet-rtr2 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  returns a dictionary of dependencies .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  pulls   mocks
truth:  pulls   scores

test:  get base and data from s3 bucket .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  computes the length hint for an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  searches for the directory specified by the datacenter .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a filter to check if a given ext .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  reverse the order of a order .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  reverse   validating
truth:  reverse   clause

test:  adds an answer to an answer log in the list of answers .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  resolves   pulls
truth:  resolves   null

test:  standard deviation .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  correlation   adds
truth:  correlation   r

test:  turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  set up course role on ccx courses .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   unsqueeze
truth:  verifies   fixtures

test:  return true if the object is an instance of a class .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  process a lost file .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   automate
truth:  process   traffic

test:  returns url of the request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the compiled list of all filters filters from the compiler .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  checks for duplicates of same length duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  flags   pulls
truth:  flags   null

test:  unpack a case from a file .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  clone a repository from a url into a repository directory .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  use django .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  ensure a given subnet exists within the given subnet this function requires boto3 .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  parse and return request from a http request object .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  try   knapsack
truth:  try   request

test:  test reading a text table with col table with col table for the table with col data .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  fixed   bounds
truth:  fixed   table

test:  compute the dot product of two variables: batched_dot[i] = ia variable notes .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  get the list of all intersect for an intersect .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  create a task to cause a task for each task .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   hits
truth:  create   filter

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  merge one or more includes found in the logging dir .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  prompt the user to provide a dictionary of data .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  split a list of values into a single key in the extra list .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  ensure that we can complete prefix .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  ensure   constrain
truth:  ensure   attribute

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in file in a file .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   attributes
truth:  saves   arrays

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   ellipsoid
truth:  remove   pool

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parse selinux udevadm info query string into tuple .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   populating
truth:  parse   info

test:  restores the display-name configuration from the candidate configuration .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  simple fast matrix for communities from a association of numbers .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require the templates/project0/ translation project .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  project   forgot
truth:  project   project

test:  helper to ensure coordinate is a valid python frame .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  inspect the received list of repository_dependencies tuples and return boolean values for has_repository_dependencies and has_repository_dependencies_only_if_compiling_contained_td .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the current python version as a string .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  returns a string with the version of the bundled version .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test dimension exception when csr is passed .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  check to see if a file has been written .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  verify   switch
truth:  verify   list

test:  receive use request to view related to current youtube search for related size .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  show   resultant
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a rotation using the chordal graph .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  return data passed through butterworth .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   acquiring
truth:  return   bessel

test:  returns tuple of an exception spec .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  parse   preloading
truth:  parse   host

test:  redirects the user to redirect to color- and redirect arguments .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  have   limiting
truth:  have   order

test:  change the root directory root .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  callback invoked when a certain response has been completed .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check f color for round-tripping .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of tuples for the given exploration .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   coordinates
truth:  given   exploration

test:  given a discussion type .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  returns   score
truth:  returns   staff

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  import source file .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  import   batch
truth:  import   code

test:  run a remote vm cli example: .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  compute the predicted of a web test classifier .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  evaluate an index or index object .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a detached process with ok=false .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  helper decorator to skip a review function if a review error is true .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return a list of typical tags for a users group .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  extract   drawing
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter in the values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  create a zfs storagepool .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns repr .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  return   chown
truth:  return   loop

test:  split the given function to split if any possible marker are split .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  map   reveal
truth:  map   sequence

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  iterator to parse a directory and return an iterator over all its subdirectories .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  crumb for an absolute date .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  uses the win32 system to set the deployment output .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  is the directory at path a python file in the end of the file .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  transform source line into filtercomments .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  add   switch
truth:  add   list

test:  test reading and writing of files .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  transforms the skeleton of a single variable into a series of functions .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the use_ssl for the static file .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   xfail
truth:  return   help

test:  converts an order to binary data .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  allocate   reconstructs
truth:  allocate   ndarray

test:  save and saves an task definition into user .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  a shortcut for creating an hit instance .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  for different subscription that need to be updated at the end of the given url .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of users with the given users .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  skip a string .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   pulls
truth:  align   null

test:  delete the tags from a specific document .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  add   drawing
truth:  add   tags

test:  create a special html with the given text .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get all volume build .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   reading
truth:  get   agent

test:  check if the groups matches the groups .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  crash crash extensions for a specific periodic filter .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  link to a single issue in a simple issue .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  construct an appropriate iterator of a given file .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  the apikey should serve catalog .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  a simple example for scrapy .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   assign
truth:  load   requests

test:  create keyring according to the specified keyring cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  retrieves the prefix for the given prefix .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  creates a property spec for the specified network spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  add a cache-control caching to response .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  returns true if and only if the given node is eligible .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  check   looping
truth:  check   node

test:  returns a dictionary mapping discussion_ids to their unfulfilled score counts for the given course id .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the file name of the ca executable name file .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  uses product-of-spacings distances to compute distances given a neighbor interpolation .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  find   logs
truth:  find   vertices

test:  converts a datetime object to a datetime .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   containing
truth:  create   ip

test:  parse a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  scale and scale gaussian distribution .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  scale   pulls
truth:  scale   null

test:  generate a random string with allchars and allchars .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   preprocessing
truth:  generate   char

test:  get a single composition of a fif file .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  samples   reported
truth:  samples   function

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   pts
truth:  sends   rpc

test:  call eager of the given target .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove the given dir .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  decorate a tree over all nodes in tree .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  function   sparks
truth:  function   number

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  set the defaults for the field of the database .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  a context manager to be run a threadsafe state .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   phred
truth:  clear   caches

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  a basic example of build instructions .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  pulls   assigned
truth:  pulls   room

test:  a valid instance method that is protected by the behaviour passed to the stack .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  stack   switch
truth:  stack   list

test:  save an image to a file .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  showing   forwards
truth:  showing   image

test:  validates that the given attribute can be set for a single key in a throttling .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validate   format
truth:  validate   parameter

test:  generate threshold value for a threshold .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   rrmgr
truth:  return   threshold

test:  prints a sanity light file .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  print   preload
truth:  print   content

test:  decorator for views that are used to be a method decorator .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  make   float
truth:  make   decorator

test:  construct an xml resource from the sample wiki .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  for an genelatex which yields the genelatex body .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  generate   pass
truth:  generate   document

test:  test that the cookies are changed .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   fileformat
truth:  test   self

test:  helper for the cg [a .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  takes   corrupts
truth:  takes   terms

test:  a fixture for raising errors .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return 1 for quoting it .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  return   modified
truth:  return   lowercase

test:  verifies that we are running using x509 .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  validate   gunzip
truth:  validate   certificates

test:  to disconnect the specified host or in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  disconnect   grouping
truth:  disconnect   system

test:  validate and return a converted value for optdict .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  update a specific child .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  walks a json workflow into a dictionary of json .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  prepare   increase
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  hide out all source files that should be inserted into a list of source files and parses the next source file .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  accepts   svn
truth:  accepts   dicts

test:  internal helper to fit iir process .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  initialize the spider logger .
truth: logs msg定义如下 function: init_spider_log . 
test:  logs   reported
truth:  logs   function

test:  reconstruct skeleton of a blockmatrix of f(x) .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  reconstruct   bench
truth:  reconstruct   value

test:  only load this module if python-ethtool is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  create a fixture from a single app .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  point   attempt
truth:  point   extension

test:  get a cfn policy for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  converts a string to date format .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive the driver 'login' .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  ensure   trending
truth:  ensure   driver

test:  makes an appropriate client for use in authorization headers .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  creates   overrides
truth:  creates   channel

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  runs the admin server .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   files
truth:  run   check

test:  return the default help formatter for cmd files .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  apply   xfail
truth:  apply   help

test:  determine disk profile .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  gather   plan
truth:  gather   profile

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  convert a file name to a relative path .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  test installing from a non-editable extras using pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  sets the suspend status to be used in the modules .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  return a deferred which will be called when the process is detected .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that columns of an exception when the job is emitted .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  flattens a sequence into a sequence of iterables .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  given   popup
truth:  given   effects

test:  given an email address .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return the hex colors matching the css file in the css file .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  shorten   dump
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer id .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  resultant algorithm in k[x] using resultant algorithm in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   round
truth:  computes   polynomials

test:  escape a dictionary of values .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escapes   gauss
truth:  escapes   strings

test:  returns the central statistic for an central image of the central list of values .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   rescanning
truth:  return   weights

test:  gets a placeholder object and converts it to collection .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  encrypt data with aes key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  only work on moduleonlyworksonmac .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  returns selection items that correspond to the selected range .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  helper function for defining month plot .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  returns the first file settings for a single image .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  initalizes the metadata relation .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  wrap   transliterate
truth:  wrap   variable

test:  show the current images with an image and return the appropriate match .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  writes and writes a file to disk .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  returns a subject for the given kwargs .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  convert a python string to unicode .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  attempt   shared
truth:  attempt   string

test:  replaces all %%-encoded .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  replaces   documents
truth:  replaces   transcripts

test:  convert a url to a local path .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  clears out any microsite configuration from the current request/thread .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clear   synchronizes
truth:  clear   callbacks

test:  destroy the given instance type .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  marks   pulls
truth:  marks   null

test:  replaces cell argument to contain links .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replaces   utf-8
truth:  replaces   argument

test:  convert a string to a bitlist .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  transform   shared
truth:  transform   string

test:  this is a sql query rank-abundance that is never a socket .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  makes   extract
truth:  makes   version

test:  constant_expression_opt : assignment_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  detects if consensus is needed .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  join a list of lists into a single axis .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an ipv4 address to a zone .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a list of the keys returned by truncating it against all the keys that contain any keys .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  maintain   switch
truth:  maintain   list

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  validate the context associated with settings settings .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  checks   lambda
truth:  checks   django

test:  apply the user index to a global index .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  formats   emits
truth:  formats   definition

test:  get a url of resource http request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  initiate   knapsack
truth:  initiate   request

test:  edit an existing media form .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   slave_open
truth:  edit   media

test:  computes the squared corresponding to a given axes .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  computes   assuming
truth:  computes   norm

test:  revoke a task as html operation returning it throw an exception .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  terminate   requesting
truth:  terminate   i

test:  converts an object into a space-separated class .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  modify the expected bug of a boolean bug in cython .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  pulls   left
truth:  pulls   bug

test:  create a number representation of a number .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  return an expression representing the first position in expr .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a list of exploration names for the given model .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  executes   exposes
truth:  executes   values

test:  prints all the arguments .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  resolve an address to a specified hostname .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolves   stores
truth:  resolves   name

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  aux function .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  compute   permutates
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  performs lint search immediately on plaintext .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  return   sends
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the password for a user cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  reset   reduced
truth:  reset   cli

test:  given a path to a list of tuples .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  finds   ip
truth:  finds   paths

test:  add hosts to label hosts after label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  add   prefilled
truth:  add   hosts

test:  check password of a password .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  convenience function for returning multiple topic tree nodes for use in rendering content .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  rq -> int generator return an integer containing a list of tuples .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  index   intended
truth:  index   letter

test:  register the codecs .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  enable   r^2
truth:  enable   form

test:  encodes a utf-8 string to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  pulls   picks
truth:  pulls   reason

test:  returns the clique complement of the graph .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  find   direct
truth:  find   clique

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   querying
truth:  callback   actions

test:  yaml: bitbucket use bitbucket when bitbucket is pushed to .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a dict to a flat dict .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  convert   forbid
truth:  convert   options

test:  get the inset inset points .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  add/update creates a new draft .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  save   r^2
truth:  save   form

test:  read a single pcfg record from the given file .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  test legend for polycollection using legend axis .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   meet
truth:  test   legend

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  return information about all beaconsd devices cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  wrapper around running tests .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the altz text representation of the desired packet in altz .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  insert a new container .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  busy a remote configuration file .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  extract an integer in a given class .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  list available zones cli example: .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  get the key id for the given key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  helper method to carry over http get out .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  get all the modules of all available modules .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  tests that the tolerance shared variables are properly frills .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  validate a csr csr csr .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   sleep
truth:  validate   files

test:  fixture providing a fake stub registry and a fake stub registry .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  test %reset magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   consists
truth:  test   reset

test:  patch - upload a d1 with a correct upload .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  view function to allow gdb file to be 256x256x3 .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the no .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  returns a tuple for an alias .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  return a canceler 5 seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  test of ~ .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  checks if dhcp options exists on the given dhcp id or name .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  check   cause
truth:  check   option

test:  quote the given css characters in a css string .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  return the text of a file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  deletes a given apikey .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  it can run only the specified apps in the "harvest" .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  return value rounded to a precision .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  rounding   gauss
truth:  rounding   strings

test:  an object to read an object from a file-like object .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the media player of the media_list_player .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   imsave
truth:  run   profiler

test:  creates a template for a resource .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  removes a record from the removes a file .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  remove   clip
truth:  remove   record

test:  looks up the name from the string .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  recursively generate a summary method that represents any email address in a series .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  give   generate
truth:  give   users

test:  clean the global state from the global subsystem .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  resets   currents
truth:  resets   state

test:  decorator to make a view only accept user .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  trash direct .
truth: remove message . 
test:  remove   randomise
truth:  remove   message

test:  check if the only contains websocket headers .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  determine   lstrip
truth:  determine   set

test:  prints all base python files for use in the given root .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   sleep
truth:  print   files

test:  the wsgi application .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  run   mutes
truth:  run   app

test:  max pooling pool .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   restores
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return true if the python name is relative to the given file name :type src_directory: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns mobile arguments for the current document .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  return the getproxies generated by environment .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  returns a prefixloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  this function is called after the minion starts up .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  this is a listener .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  helper function for checking if the list of ignored matches .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  take a string and expand windows components in the format based .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  update the user library directory .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   allocate
truth:  update   user

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  power of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  construct   indicate
truth:  construct   polynomial

test:  test that installing from the current python version uses text1 dict .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  trigger a workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  activate   initializing
truth:  activate   trigger

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add user users to the default user for a group .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   decide
truth:  add   groups

test:  retrieve user playlists given its identifier and username .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  for a bug in python 2 .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  get   export
truth:  get   tuple

test:  integrate plugins to the context .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   colorized
truth:  integrate   context

test:  returns a random value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  create an open file that will be removed to disk .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  works   pulls
truth:  works   null

test:  computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   undeploy
truth:  computes   prs

test:  retry routing attempts to retry http functionality .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the current fqdn .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the hardware architecture of the current machine .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  convert a fits record to a fits record dtype .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  convert   simulate
truth:  convert   spec

test:  decorates a function to handle restful http entities from resources .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  if there is a indices .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  checks   were
truth:  checks   property

test:  builds dummy create a dummy disk spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   hostname
truth:  builds   vm

test:  returns a string with the given error chars .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  simulate   flip
truth:  simulate   python

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the csrf response as the csrf view .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  convert a pd .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   matching
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  a system copy of the bcpy copy of a bcpy b .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   collecting
truth:  copy   b

test:  computes a hmac-sha1 signature of encoded key .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  calculate   tell
truth:  calculate   signature

test:  returns the estimated population along the given axis .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  factor a square-free polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  get the username from a specific user id .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  sets up local oauth user for remote access to user .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  makes   pts
truth:  makes   rpc

test:  alternative label movement .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadata-schema namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   guessing
truth:  create   namespace

test:  str->str initialized - used by gis for gis .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  a view that ensures that a lwtexception request is not a lwtexception object .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  set the vbox_guest module if the os linux .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  parses a single steps into a list of steps .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   unroll
truth:  parse   steps

test:  draw a network diagram in a folder .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   killed
truth:  draws   network

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  converts a dict to a string of binary digits .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  decorator to make sure the execution of the http request has the same as the activation level .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  return our platform name for our applications .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   multistringwidget
truth:  return   win32

test:  login login to remote seconds .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  batch   deregister
truth:  batch   jobs

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   labels
truth:  return   transform

test:  if you should put a url in its file .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   access
truth:  downloads   url

test:  sends a email to the given recipients on the note .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  return the api running instance .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   given
truth:  set   register

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   fitnesse
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs attributes .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  avoid doclist documents in root_dir document .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  walk   pulls
truth:  walk   null

test:  returns the filename of a resource .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  test get_version() when invalid data is emitted .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  api query parameters .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  execute   view
truth:  execute   q

test:  get the md5 checksum of a song .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate and return sha1 hash algorithm .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   hover
truth:  test   bytes

test:  ticketstatus edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_req : minus field_type identifier | expr minus rule | rule gt expr | rule lt expr | rule lt expr | expr ne expr .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove one or more component source files from source .
truth: clean component . 
test:  clean   msg
truth:  clean   component

test:  helper function that returns an appropriate dict of headers .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   review
truth:  encode   keys

test:  return the url to the viewfinder site url .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get a set of paths to a venv .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  returns   simplifies
truth:  returns   packages

test:  empty trash and nvidia-process or false if available .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  empty   suggest
truth:  empty   folder

test:  return the appropriate threaded but for a function .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  test that the hash constructs attached to the given review build .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  return a python type that needs a python type from a string of variables .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  convert   inplace
truth:  convert   ovs

test:  delete an existing document .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  parse the given document and return a tuple of the appropriate word .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  create   loved
truth:  create   doc

test:  recursively collects a path .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  walk   resample
truth:  walk   directories

test:  test that the #4957 increases congruent .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  test   smash
truth:  test   corner

test:  returns the given list of lists of values .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   preface
truth:  returns   degree

test:  update the special dns record completion .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   gzipped
truth:  update   completion

test:  returns an attribute as a dictionary .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  fixes   constrain
truth:  fixes   attribute

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  destroy a worker or raise exception if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  parse and convert an flavor_id string into a tuple of the given apache .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  input   decorating
truth:  input   log

test:  generate a backendbe .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return the absolute path of all the files in the given directory .
truth: by default . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  disassociate the given security group from the pool .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  convert ipv6 address to its allow/deny format .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   iuploader
truth:  reverse   lookup

test:  make a file from an ast .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  define define .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  regression test for an attribute .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  capture   allocate
truth:  capture   user

test:  register a new image .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  registers   override
truth:  registers   converter

test:  release an interface to netmiko conversion .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   paging
truth:  release   interface

test:  ensure that a stonith resource is created on a node with reference places set to a functional window .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   negate
truth:  ensure   resource

test:  displays all the actions for the given content .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   querying
truth:  render   actions

test:  start the action for a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if the matrix examples is related .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  checks   cleaning
truth:  checks   matrix

test:  verifying the output with expected results for inverse logarithmic correction with expected results for multiplier inputs and true if the musicbrainz information: with multiplier .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   flattens
truth:  verifying   output

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   contrasts
truth:  sign   digest

test:  enable the rdp service and make sure access to the rdp port is disabled in the firewall configuration .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  a decorator that makes a transaction .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  make sure the whitespace at the end of fields .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  called at the end of the function .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  encode a string using base64 and encodes it to base64 .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  pickle   bench
truth:  pickle   value

test:  merge the data into a dictionary .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  copy   svn
truth:  copy   dicts

test:  check if bracket is mt .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  check   profile
truth:  check   theme

test:  returns true if primer can be go on a line .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write a message to the logs buffer .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  adds   checking
truth:  adds   logs

test:  check if all commands have been old-style .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  checks if a keyspace exists in cassandra .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  check   sorting
truth:  check   keyspace

test:  reduce a sequence of dictionaries by a common *factor* .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  reduces   exposes
truth:  reduces   values

test:  check if a trivial example files exist .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  returns a list of partitions from a partition .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  pulls   collects
truth:  pulls   count

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return an in-process file path to the directory caches .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  print helpful error message when an error occurs .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  utility function to get a color name from the values passed .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  handle the themes links .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  test an identityinterface join .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   input_string
truth:  test   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  this is just a high registered for binary classification .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  save a logger to the end of a logger .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  closes   lets
truth:  closes   handler

test:  for an entry .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  check mysql mysql if mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   fleiss
truth:  check   mysql

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit test .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  ensure we get error in tricky arguments .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   capturing
truth:  ensure   error

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  function for p-value .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute the scalings .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   see
truth:  compute   factors

test:  returns the current git config .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  based   pulls
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the day summary .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  solves a inner storage function of a storage function .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  solves   construct
truth:  solves   kind

test:  attempt to parse a date .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  a decorator for running in cache .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  cache   forms
truth:  cache   result

test:  http server replying with a http port .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  validate the format of a boolean constraints .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  get the float .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   from_value
truth:  get   cascade

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return secret_key of your app .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   mutes
truth:  return   app

test:  prints privileges and interval to stderr .
truth: main loop . 
test:  loop   chown
truth:  loop   loop

test:  create an http request for use in testing .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   parse
truth:  perform   jid

test:  this is a implementation of a template file .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  require   bartels
truth:  require   contents

test:  returns the zcr for a given frame .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   formatted
truth:  computes   rate

test:  task responsible for email put .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  checks to see if nictag is installed cli example: .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  efficiently multiply f by lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   solving
truth:  evaluate   composition

test:  dump statistics about the configuration files .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  combine   unmask
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a file path to a additional path .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  update ports with zone .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  copy data from the database and creates a database .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  return the chvátal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  take a sequence of two-element tuples and converts it into a dictionary of the form .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  truncate by 1 .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  checks whether obj is a descriptor .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  return a list of users with a given user .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  opencl num .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a configuration for use in tests .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  retrieve imports from the given project .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  shortcut   permutes
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  repeats each ends in sparse matrix .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  compute partitions from a list of partitions .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  specify   regroup
truth:  specify   subsets

test:  load a single token from an application key .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  retrieves   enhanced
truth:  retrieves   object

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  test   analyze
truth:  test   copy

test:  nv(union) nv(union) against a list of volumes volumes provider and the masked volumes .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  creates or group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   autoreleased
truth:  creates   types

test:  read kit 4-byte file as hsp .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  adds a send email flag for the given exploration id .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  adds   coordinates
truth:  adds   exploration

test:  return a another position of b .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  start a worker that will be executed in a background .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  return an absolute path of a file by its filename .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  verifies the structure of the memlen .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  verify   offset
truth:  verify   parameters

test:  check two lists of seqrecords agree .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   decoding
truth:  check   lists

test:  strip a value .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  interpret a string as a host:port pair .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  strips   exposes
truth:  strips   values

test:  return the default locale name .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  default   raise
truth:  default   term

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  a view that serves a product to be public .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   pulls
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  determine if an image is a iisparameters table .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  walk over builds .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  find the lineage for the given block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  create a continuous file and register it .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns default fetch for deadline if it exists .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty dict if not installed .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  decorator for marking if functions is a valid python function .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return current time as a string .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  retrieve   support
truth:  retrieve   time

test:  reindex a pandas dataframe so that it can be used to compile back into some strikes suggestions: method .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  create a password .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to aws walrus :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  send create command .
truth: send create database . 
test:  send   responds
truth:  send   database

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  get list of available ip addresses from user .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  this is called every time the server starts up .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return one of the vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   dos
truth:  return   search

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  borrowed from yaml+mtree .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a json file from the given tag uuid .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  gets   understemmed
truth:  gets   results

test:  internal method to determine if git is currently used .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   track
truth:  get   top

test:  list profiles for profiles .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   unmask
truth:  list   profiles

test:  return dictionary with information about databases extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  simple dict of lists .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  builds   teardown
truth:  builds   type

test:  encode a string using a url-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  run docker command and return the docker prefix if no prefix is not installed .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  prefix   raising
truth:  prefix   docker

test:  return the file or directory if it is not none .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  plugin plugin plugin grabbing a method with an attribute support .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  wrap   spawns
truth:  wrap   endpoint

test:  convert a list of native value to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  lead field sums using legendre polynomial series .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  pulls   waveform
truth:  pulls   products

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: module view . 
test:  module   usage_key_string
truth:  module   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  command   compose
truth:  command   usage

test:  a technical 500 object .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert an integer to int .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  get an event in a given event .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  n-dimensional n-dimensional image type for principal components .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  integrate field to the given expression .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   small_stmts
truth:  compute   line

test:  search all matches in the string .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  search   shared
truth:  search   string

test:  trims an array filled with data .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   restoring
truth:  trims   data

test:  a helper for rapidsms_router score .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  computes the mean squared likelihood .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert a file hash to a string .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  display   temperature
truth:  display   date

test:  formats an xml table xml .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   autoencoder
truth:  write   xml

test:  add request to the request .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   reported
truth:  checks   function

test:  this is a correct file to read and then imsave .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  connect to the specified configuration .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  create a new instance of a shake256 object .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  const_value : const_value | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears a set of dag instances .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  remove   borrowed
truth:  remove   instances

test:  return the first item of obj .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  get   loved
truth:  get   doc

test:  ensure a string is built .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  evaluate a tree at a tree .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  run pylint on a csv file .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  get the current username for the user .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  test installing a package with a chosen name .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  asynchronously retrieves one or more spaced indexes and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  test module .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   tear
truth:  test   module

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  returns an array of given elements that are same length in the given list of bits .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a tag name .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  refresh the current migration inventory .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  download the mime-type file to a remote object .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  return an lru finder directory based on its name .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  train a mnist file using a mnist train .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for people by skill restful crud controller .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  normalize an object to a valid web page .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove a contents of devices from the contents of a block .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  deletes a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  send   reassemble
truth:  send   compute

test:  decorator to decorate a function or method in a module .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  add   reported
truth:  add   function

test:  start an nginx site to the named service .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  a datetime object for reading a year .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  a function to return a single response for an existing query .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  create a dict of issues issues into a dictionary of closed issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  convert   augments
truth:  convert   issues

test:  returns a list of all context names .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  multiply the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  applies   bench
truth:  applies   value

test:  an iterator to pull all files from a directory .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  yield   prettyprint
truth:  yield   examples

test:  given a dict .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  function enforces non-null value for the user-agent field .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  function   flattening
truth:  function   field

test:  decorate a function to decorate a single argument .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  make   loved
truth:  make   doc

test:  splituser --> user[:passwd] .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the logging module to be used for automatic tests .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  configures   aliased
truth:  configures   json

test:  shutdown a vm vm : string vm to be rebooted .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  solves general diophantine equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  sync modules from the current desktop icon .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  sync   mutes
truth:  sync   app

test:  extract image .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  extract   dumping
truth:  extract   patch

test:  returns the backend entry for the 5-minute backend .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  default   fold
truth:  default   backend

test:  only load if the postgres module is enabled .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  run xlsxwriter mode in default mode .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   based
truth:  converts   address

test:  a function that returns text .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the path to a binary string .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  prefix   authorizes
truth:  prefix   command

test:  it can run only the specified limit by the specified app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  check for service client tags from a module .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   building
truth:  check   tag

test:  return the click-through cost .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  displays all y pairs for nvp .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  create a single log matrix out of the iterable .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  each test .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  return the entire language .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  compiles a python imaging group from the given pattern using discrimination .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  compiles   rising
truth:  compiles   group

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   shut
truth:  register   checker

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  checks whether two lists are equal .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  return   chisquare
truth:  return   tuples

test:  recursively wipe disk list of disk job .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  wipe   pulls
truth:  wipe   null

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   printing
truth:  return   locale

test:  create a fake .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  get the rate of a line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   calculates
truth:  get   vertex

test:  cancels given job connection .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  failed   deregister
truth:  failed   jobs

test:  returns the calculated margin for a sorl and geometry and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  removes a taking from the user .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  removes   identifies
truth:  removes   plugin

test:  transform a normalized elements .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  change   looking
truth:  change   operator

test:  creates an image array of the form where wed are drawn from 0 and the output of the parsing .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  get   restrict
truth:  get   array

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   bench
truth:  synthesize   value

test:  internet flag whose status has been run using the given result .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  found an sample id arguments: sample id -- a sample id to be found there:: .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parses   optdict
truth:  parses   lines

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  do a sending access email access to access an instance .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  a docstring to apply the gradient of a frame .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   increment
truth:  returns   gradient

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  it should extract the source date from a source file .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   add
truth:  test   ps

test:  returns a json representation of a snapshot .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a "wordpress link" example headers we can parse: link: <url rel=shortlink .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   install
truth:  extract   response

test:  print a single iterable of zookeeper .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  load ip addresses from cidr .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  load   scaled
truth:  load   queue

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   switch
truth:  removes   list

test:  get an aws sqlite database .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  ensure we are running working_copy() .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  make   unparsing
truth:  make   git

test:  send a helpful network address to a network device cli example: .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  sets the thread name for the current thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  test if the gui .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  is   downgrades
truth:  is   point

test:  imports from a file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  setting for a ask with an empty address .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  start at boot .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  creates an xml string from the xml class .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  morerules : morerules | ruleitem | ruleitem | ruleitem | morerules | morerules | morerules ge expr | morerules lt expr | morerules number of ruleitem samples .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  unload metadefinitions from pyserial .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  unload   attempt
truth:  unload   extension

test:  gets the number of rules for a given security group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  count   put
truth:  count   rules

test:  plot a single influence of a figure containing all plots .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   pushing
truth:  plot   model

test:  copy a file .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  test that the clickableimage argument is false for bound .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  entry point for external providers .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  set   exit
truth:  set   handling

test:  returns a numeric number of values for the slashes .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  get the type of findloadednames .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  carves up a mime_type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  run a synchronous query w/ the timeout setting for the specified query .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   xlsx
truth:  run   query

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add allocated_id missing table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   search
truth:  add   d

test:  yaml: builds chain sets a build chain for the job .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  pulls   proposed
truth:  pulls   chain

test:  atom : tuple .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   pulls
truth:  atom   null

test:  returns a list of paragraphs to find the right count .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  returns   re
truth:  returns   paragraphs

test:  get a user and object on fallback .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  recursively resolves an object and all the internals .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   enhanced
truth:  resolve   object

test:  persist a user id and a backend in request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  calls into a users password .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  create a new project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  create a test filename .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  extract the maximum id from a list of maxid .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  patch light to convert a 2-bytes to a specified tuple .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   dumping
truth:  convert   patch

test:  returns a dict of active config values .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   float
truth:  returns   decorator

test:  generate an rsa hash for base64 .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  pull progress_precent requires the channel in a local directory .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  receive   prioritized
truth:  receive   messages

test:  check whether the input is same .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  deal with windows and size .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  set   analyzes
truth:  set   size

test:  stub function for parsing a receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  generates a classmethod for a template by filling out some arguments directly from a template .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  checks if a process is for use when not .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  trigger   reencrypt
truth:  trigger   start

test:  a clip to be either a scalar or a background array or a sparse matrix .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   grab
truth:  pulls   val

test:  returns a class of a python type .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  method that raises an exception if the given messages has not been logged .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  expand the given tab .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  view decorator .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  display   does
truth:  display   tweets

test:  checks whether the currently likely to an ip number .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   xlsx
truth:  match   query

test:  register a new functions as an argument .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  explicitly quote quote .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  pulls   duplicates
truth:  pulls   symbol

test:  given a remote method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using most recent method .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get host information from data stream .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  converts utf-8 strings to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  create a bar histogram .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  docstring for differential equation .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  given   reported
truth:  given   function

test:  validate the django settings as defined in the django settings .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns default context for user .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  download a handle to a file and then download it .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  download   remote
truth:  download   httpresponse

test:  converts a version string to a python version string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  parse the item from a list of kinds .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  parses   stream
truth:  parses   returns

test:  patch multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   unignores
truth:  perform   patches

test:  returns a sizer for a message field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  creates and returns a storage object from dictionary .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  returns the size of a directed graph .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  get the environment (which (which had a error .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  get   accept
truth:  get   env

test:  get a specific file name from the root directory .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  return string .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  look up an object in table .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  helper for when tabs as tabs .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  takes   fileformat
truth:  takes   self

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns text annotations as a single description of the document .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  helper function for computing boto to other configuration .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  extract a timeseries expression from a list of binary data file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  update some list of strings .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  returns the index of the individual with the least the least the given axis .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a string representing a number .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  insert   sparks
truth:  insert   number

test:  subscribe subscription subscription .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  check for an tftpboot version .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  guesses   widening
truth:  guesses   location

test:  test filtfilt class with reference filtfilt .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tweak
truth:  test   replacement

test:  verify the correct altaz is created with the coordinate log .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  validates   synchronize
truth:  validates   addresses

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  get an object signature given a method name .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  nicer nicer factors .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  sort   scans
truth:  sort   pairs

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  convert an int argument to a standard ip address .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  fetches a file from the content of a file .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  use   supplied
truth:  use   api

test:  setup the allowed security serializers .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   pulls
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates a test log folder for tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  store a certificate in a store store the given store name the certificate to zero store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  helper method to add method to the permalink method .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   specifies
truth:  add   methods

test:  require the afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  verifies that named ranges matches the specified target .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  make a connection to the single bits of the container .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   downgrades
truth:  insert   point

test:  plot ccpr results for a set of regressors .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  add http request to a url .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  add   paginated
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test fetch a file .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  ensure that this schema is available .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  import   restoring
truth:  import   data

test:  compute sparse matrix of difference between x and y .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   debugging
truth:  generates   dataset

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   assume
truth:  accepts   header

test:  return processes information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  find the repository for the current working database .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  check if http status code is passing a passing of http response .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  given   point
truth:  given   status

test:  return the address type .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  in lights .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  tests   expected
truth:  tests   stack

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  a list of matching tasks .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  list   shift
truth:  list   tasks

test:  recursively copy all files under a directory .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  test that set a model is raised when the model is none .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  calculate the entropy for a given p .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  returns   feed
truth:  returns   entropy

test:  true if the node is a title .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  projects   determine
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  query   aligns
truth:  query   volume

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  fake id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  generate   linkify
truth:  generate   integer

test:  test that the tpot pipeline function outputs a valueerror for the tpot pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  get remote/target string for quad .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  split a sequence of tokens into a list of non-empty non-empty .
truth: take a token . 
test:  take   scop
truth:  take   token

test:  returns a list of the configured ntp peers on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   decline
truth:  returns   ntp

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  convert   returned
truth:  convert   numbers

test:  read bti file from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   labels
truth:  read   transform

test:  actually allow non-fileserver registrations to apply "e" to a campaign page .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  landing   bring
truth:  landing   page

test:  indent text to a single space .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  parse a content-range header into a tuple of integers .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   assure
truth:  parse   challenge

test:  save the results to a predictions file .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  given   forbids
truth:  given   predictions

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  create a watch for a given program .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  return a list of all containers on the minion .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  returns   paste
truth:  returns   containers

test:  returns a large key for a datastore key .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  bayesian matrix for erfc inputs for the integers inputs .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  parses a hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   reveal
truth:  parses   sequence

test:  convert a list of strings to a list of tuples .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  swaps a two points crossover with a individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  this method will build out a signed set of signed with cybersource to shoppingcart or verification with cybersource .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  create   limiting
truth:  create   order

test:  helper method to return a reverse stream of an ipv4 address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this model loads the given model class in the model class .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   safe_octal
truth:  test   class

test:  retrieve footer for pending account .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  append   sampled
truth:  append   footer

test:  locate an executable .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  lookup   stores
truth:  lookup   name

test:  the square root of the input data .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  calculates   dumps
truth:  calculates   signal

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   snaps
truth:  write   pid

test:  returns true if the node is an out-of-line node .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  pulls   safe_peekline
truth:  pulls   star

test:  switch frappe and upgrade specified .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get the spider loader class .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  temporarily changed the original config file to a specific redirect_uri .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   updates
truth:  builds   wsgi

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   completes
truth:  creates   budget

test:  convert an opcode to a varint and write it using the write function .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  a view that is used in client api .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  validates if source is a source file or a source file .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  ensures that the associated field matches the given environment .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  takes   lstrip
truth:  takes   set

test:  returns an ordereddict that maps grading to a list of querying blocks .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  simply returns a flattened array containing a .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob with a new encryption key .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  read a source file or a source space .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  ensure   unlocking
truth:  ensure   source

test:  return the pipe string representation of a pipe .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   nested
truth:  return   segment

test:  for a script .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  execute   prettify
truth:  execute   process

test:  helper function for executing a batch .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a vboxlayout connection with a random ldap username .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  launch   clones
truth:  launch   server

test:  read an proppatch proppatch from a proppatch .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   assign
truth:  read   requests

test:  construct a linear correlation matrix .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return tuple of available signal .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  find a network .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  find   killed
truth:  find   network

test:  displays the students index page .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  display   digs
truth:  display   html

test:  loads a shared library and return a smartos instance .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  set the value of the page with given css and save .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  gets all the comment for the given comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  record   iterates
truth:  record   comment

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   clustered
truth:  test   equations

test:  ensure that file path exists .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  a decorator for methods whose pid are automatically authorized and oserror .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the hash digest of a file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  run seqret .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check whether the name is alive .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  name   flip
truth:  name   python

test:  change the specified user to the specified uid .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  patch   pulls
truth:  patch   null

test:  return an httpresponse public activity query given as query .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  test the behavior of old-class .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  decorator for checking that the request has a *mimes that is started in any mime type .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that there are any ports map .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  concatenate an object/categorical array of datetimetz .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a list of compute names from a local compute .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  retrieves the provider summary .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  marks up genericrelations for a series of tokens .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  extract   deconvolves
truth:  extract   level

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   restoring
truth:  gunzip   data

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  set the image of uploaded navigation_links .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  pulls   drops
truth:  pulls   call

test:  split a bezier segment that splits splits into a list of whitespace and target character .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start command start the options for the specified application .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  test adding the main process to the plan .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  run   refresh
truth:  run   scripts

test:  test url .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove user the name of the user to connect to .
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  this is a package comparison of package .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  returns the python build arguments for unset unset .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  create spider for spider .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   regularized
truth:  create   spider

test:  we go the initialization of the current thread .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  extract new strings from transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  pull   gauss
truth:  pull   strings

test:  gets a number for the specified region .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  gets   teardown
truth:  gets   type

test:  calculate the checksum for a string .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  calculates   preprocessing
truth:  calculates   char

test:  given a generator of tuples .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse a string or zip time fits into a :class:datetime .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  simple function to compute the margins .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that passing html in fill_values should only replace matching values .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  verifies that a requests exists .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse an accept header .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   approve
truth:  parses   *

test:  compute filesystem accuracy of filesystem accuracy .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  this generator takes a path and returns a unicode string and some spaces .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  takes a sequence of nt objects and returns a boolean values .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  chain names .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  get   proposed
truth:  get   chain

test:  create a new shared shared shape with no broadcastable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   transliterate
truth:  returns   variable

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when collection errors occur .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  verify   binhexed
truth:  verify   tests

test:  return the partially object associated with an ssh .
truth: given an object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  what this will have multiple items or have in the context .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  create hgrid json for a node .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  returns true if mutating is mutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  determines   compresses
truth:  determines   statement

test:  converts integer values to millisecond types .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  find the degree of the first degree of a matrix .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  finds   preface
truth:  finds   degree

test:  creates or unmask the fasta file at whatever fasta files .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  called when the main runner have been loaded .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute nth moment of a particular delta .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   dataset
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that blockdevicedeployer calculates certain datasets for desired .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  convert a realm list to a realm url .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  is   access
truth:  is   url

test:  registers unicode tokens .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  registers   pulls
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture providing a test forum a topic .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  pulls   stops
truth:  pulls   topic

test:  setup the philips platform .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel functions y0(z) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  convert sequence of fully-qualified id to fully-qualified corresponding parts .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  map   controls
truth:  map   ids

test:  start a single random array in a single space .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  catches the configuration for the given option and returns a dictionary of all the options for the options .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  return   memoizing
truth:  return   health

test:  generate a test method that tests the given function .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  benchmark throughputs on training subsets of a single dataset .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator that calls app_reverse() use this function in the nltk corpus .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  runs flask dev web application .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  cleanup   registering
truth:  cleanup   views

test:  mock model is checked through lettuce steps .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  helper for storing a list of strings .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return all the status of all the gamma .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  builds a wsgi app and returns the ast .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   roundrobin
truth:  load   application

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  ensure that the same function calls to the globals given by globals .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a decorator which makes sure all conflict handles the *simple handles .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  allocate eip message and potentially id .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  pulls   reissues
truth:  pulls   eip

test:  checks that ruler is invalid and it is an invalid root for invalid or false .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   dispatch
truth:  test   operators

test:  adds user permissions to a user .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   pending
truth:  add   default

test:  returns the kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  log an event .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  logs   wait
truth:  logs   servers

test:  this is called upon unpickling .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  pulls   entries
truth:  pulls   review

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  function   skips
truth:  function   connections

test:  load a given vhd from the vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   banned
truth:  return   children

test:  get the status counts for a group .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  mock gae sets up the environment variables .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  sets   hanging
truth:  sets   variables

test:  calculates the symmetric statistic for the mean of the first scalar examples .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  compute   asserts
truth:  compute   diff

test:  loads the embedded ecdsa key from a list of fields .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return the url to display for a static python static file .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  create a fake string .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the williams distribution of the downhill coefficient .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   translated
truth:  return   g

test:  register a new hosting service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   chew
truth:  register   service

test:  given a full path to the full covariance matrix .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   optimizes
truth:  return   reservations

test:  handle 500 handler for a file .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  given a list of nodes and the text matching the xpath .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  using   looping
truth:  using   node

test:  clears the user info from the application .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   modbus
truth:  clears   cookie

test:  collect all registered objects as a list of objects or gc with each difference being the same as a list of objects .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  convert a row from a dict of labels to a dict .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  returns   quotes
truth:  returns   map

test:  initializes a last-modified report .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  creates   teardown
truth:  creates   type

test:  return an error message .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  run   receiving
truth:  run   js

test:  add a stream or override of json colors to the terminal .
truth: like write . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  builds the operations adding desired criterion to given campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   break
truth:  builds   operations

test:  open a filename in a given directory .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  prepare a file plugin .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  loads   solve
truth:  loads   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point clone of os .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  add profiling information to the queue .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  pulls   surrounding
truth:  pulls   processor

test:  wait until the system has been updated with a page to return .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   cie
truth:  wait   predicate

test:  convert uuid string uuid from hex format to the command line .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  setup the pid for the process id .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  find the tree of a zipfile .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  lists wiki templates .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  group the file or directory of a file .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the xdg cache directory .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return information about a specified raid device cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  report   grouping
truth:  report   system

test:  add a list of sequences to a single ngram ngram string .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  get a usable auth field .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  parses a set of gw .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   urlencode
truth:  parses   item

test:  formats a number into a number and unsupported places .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  to suspend a suspend using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  suspend   hostname
truth:  suspend   vm

test:  ensure exactly matching containers exist and the relevant containers exist in a threadsafe state .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  stop   unpatch
truth:  stop   matching

test:  change the state of the module cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  change   easing
truth:  change   runlevel

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  get a named path to a string .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  combine zero or more games into one big player sequence containing games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  returns an ipv4 address of a given set of bits .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  check to see if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the argument name of a function .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  return   overlay
truth:  return   func

test:  render a template from the given config file and return it .
truth: render config template . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  returns the class by the backend class .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  gets artist names from a block of text .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  suggest   encapsulates
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the current linux id for the linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  check if the template string contains no limit .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   storing
truth:  validate   template

test:  tests the right decimal decimal values .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove the folder that is created during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  build an option which bound from the given wire data .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  poll a thumbnail from a file .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   pulls
truth:  serve   null

test:  read a file and create a directory and add it to the supplied content .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test that we can access this package to a file .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert from vo element to a dictionary of element .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  converts   scaled
truth:  converts   queue

test:  returns a encoded article url for a article .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  set the verbose e .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  set   lowercases
truth:  set   verbose

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  construct an appropriate relationship using python 2 .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  evaluate   pulls
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  show size matches the image .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  train an iis with one iis features .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  do   retrieved
truth:  do   iteration

test:  split a python mime type into a tuple and target type .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  split   teardown
truth:  split   type

test:  create a default options .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pending
truth:  creates   default

test:  return volumes that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   subtracts
truth:  return   backups

test:  computes the simple exponential distribution for the normal distribution .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  assuming   named
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   simulating
truth:  encodes   input

test:  helper to checks if namespace is called or prod .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  reset django from current database .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  executes   setup
truth:  executes   equivalent

test:  do a top_filters to use in <script> .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return a list of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  rectified linear unit function :math:f(x)=max .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   reported
truth:  rectified   function

test:  returns the shape description of a dict takes an image description and returns it .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  update the specified host using the specified host .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   terminate
truth:  update   password

test:  create an extras config .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  return current line number .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  checks to see that the money locale is present in a human-readable formatted string .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate swirl clip .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  perform   combine
truth:  perform   transformation

test:  build the cached requirements from the specified interface .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  add an indexed paths to the list of paths .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   ip
truth:  add   paths

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  helper for storing a protobuf key .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  builds a new network attach config spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  wraps a method to save exceptions into a instance .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  uses army .
truth: print returns . 
test:  print   stream
truth:  print   returns

test:  test that the login works properly handled by the model .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  an existing encrypted attribute .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return a url holding a path .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  updates an existing viewpoint .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   post_save
truth:  updates   metadata

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  load all certificates from a directory .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   review
truth:  load   keys

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  iterate over all format found in the format .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  transforms a value to an integer .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  the restful handler for course notifications .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  compute the normalized mutual score for an image .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  normalized   tile
truth:  normalized   information

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  add a new project to the given filename .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  calculate the magnetic field or electric potential forward field .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  do   flattening
truth:  do   field

test:  this maps the list to a file to a list of paths .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  disassociate eip disassociate disassociate list .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  disassociate   reissues
truth:  disassociate   eip

test:  this function passes an answer .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  hyperbolic cosecant .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  bound for the center of a and b .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  yaml: scan-build build step for the build .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  gets list of direct interfaces and access interfaces .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  returns the distance between two n-d .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return true if some hmac-sha256 and hmac-sha256 are equal .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  compares   sleeps
truth:  compares   equality

test:  gethostbyname_ex -> return the ip address for a given host .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return a list of all datacenters .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   allocate
truth:  ensuring   user

test:  create a a hostport .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  elementwise sign function .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  just gives the output file for the project .
truth: gui test . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of vms .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  update a floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   embedded
truth:  updates   example

test:  recurring a given component .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  given   msg
truth:  given   component

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  delete a floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   containing
truth:  deletes   ip

test:  return a data for the logs that marks a specific instance .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  checks if the crypto util is available .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  checks   constrained
truth:  checks   functions

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  serialize a python stream to disk .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  construct   export
truth:  construct   tuple

test:  extract the group type from an arbitrary type .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  get   default
truth:  get   part

test:  find and return a list of supervisees .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  pull   related
truth:  pull   supervisor

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  convert this function such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns a each otu table of otu data for sim .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  make   declared
truth:  make   samples

test:  fetch the registry and end of a given list of targets parameters .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  generates   reveal
truth:  generates   sequence

test:  add a new homedrive cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  make sure a string is utf8 encoded .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  quote non-ascii characters for use in a quoted list .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  ensure   exposes
truth:  ensure   values

test:  create a user .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  authorize or here to the cache security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  authorize   killed
truth:  authorize   network

test:  custom tool tool shed types and formats tool links for item .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  example: assignjs will never return a sorted list of the running keyword .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  when a unix date has expired or not .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  compute mutual incoherence / add a somewhat matrix .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey in a translated field .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  tests   flattening
truth:  tests   field

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  yaml: gatling trigger a job or command .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   leave
truth:  set   switch

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   based
truth:  represent   address

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   resamples
truth:  get   zones

test:  returns ip address from a video request .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  returns an instance of a class that is currently pickleable object .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  dumps a secure configuration file to a secure directory .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  pulls   reshapes
truth:  pulls   serialization

test:  returns whether the only if present in a course is required .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   remap
truth:  returns   survey

test:  like shade .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  skip a whitespace in ubuntu .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  helper function for running cross test .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  returns the best services from zone .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  compares   suggests
truth:  compares   timezone

test:  test for a dummy category .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  returns an array of evenly spaced values within a given interval .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  orders page: display all available index .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   bring
truth:  index   page

test:  list packages installed in a dict:: .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  filter   plot
truth:  filter   apps

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  clean up the lxc namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   guessing
truth:  clean   namespace

test:  redirects to user .
truth: log out . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  list media instance in media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  unpack an array into a numpy array .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  checks if we are contained within this role .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  ensure that given existing database is absent .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  check if current python interface is a default config within a given string .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  checks   paging
truth:  checks   interface

test:  close a client and cloud dns client .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  saves   widgets
truth:  saves   responses

test:  prints a useful report after setuptools output describing where and how bokehjs is installed .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  print   tile
truth:  print   information

test:  helper function for giving and show config values from the global file .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  returns   choice
truth:  returns   formats

test:  test that a feature becomes a single table of no issues .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  return a mock for backward compatibility .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns the name of the module .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  reshape iterator to nested lists .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  insert   maps
truth:  insert   locations

test:  find the "session" representation of a warning object .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  iterate   pulls
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return a dictionary of information for a package .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  cast variables to list of variables .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  gives   step
truth:  gives   names

test:  do the default credentials for writing .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  sparseblockouter -> sparseblockouter .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  parse   merge
truth:  parse   iso

test:  display whether sleep button can sleep on power button .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   follows
truth:  displays   button

test:  run one or more commands .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  handle   optimized
truth:  handle   script

test:  create a static app instance of the handlers .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   mutes
truth:  creates   app

test:  execute a command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  interfaces6 -> ipv4 address for a given ipv6 addresses into a list of ipv6 addresses .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  generate an oauthtoken and sets the url for use in the box .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generates   allocate
truth:  generates   user

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  load a class from sys .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  decorator that checks if the input is supported .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  constructs a list of objects from a particular sender .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  retrieve a context dictionary from a dict .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  returns the current server version .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  send events instance associated with the next event .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  format a timestamp in human readable format .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  formats   r^2
truth:  formats   form

test:  if thing is not none .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  pulls   appending
truth:  pulls   thing

test:  marks a dictionary as satisfying a dictionary .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   exposes
truth:  marks   values

test:  order all activities on a package .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  place   unescaped
truth:  place   entries

test:  check nova docstring not start with nova .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  revoke cache ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   killed
truth:  revoke   network

test:  stop and return a sympy exception .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determines if the request user is allowed to do a action .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  determines   allocate
truth:  determines   user

test:  for ros .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  pulls   align
truth:  pulls   observation

test:  the cookiecutter should not cause a valid cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  returns current line after line breaks .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  create a new iscsi target entry .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  determine if instance is configured .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  determine if partition is valid .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  checks   emulate
truth:  checks   disk

test:  test interpolate stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  return a dataframe with the lhs and timestamp .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if a text file doesnt exist .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  get a packed byte string from an grr format .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   height
truth:  create   lot

test:  returns the unicode text for the given stream .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  gets a carrier description for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  converts an xml string into a list of python objects .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   be
truth:  remove   acl

test:  execute a sql query and return a list of dicts .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  convert a number to a float .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  stretch   utf-8
truth:  stretch   argument

test:  return the reversed url of the given argument .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of operation .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   colored
truth:  monitor   operation

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  check if string represents a valid python string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return a dict of attributes of the given format .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute mouse and clean up to drag .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  return   rfc
truth:  return   distance

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  list network interfaces .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  start an instance of :class:i18n from the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   encapsulate
truth:  sets   instance

test:  extract 302 conflict explicitly data from the provided stream .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  this operator is for options .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  fill   pulls
truth:  fill   null

test:  creates a new defaulttoolstate for the given figure .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  hack for cpp parameters pkg_path : array_like configuration file to be found .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get vector3 from radius .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   confine
truth:  get   xmlelement

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  generate a unique structure of token for a given token .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  hash   scop
truth:  hash   token

test:  create a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  return the master data from a specified db .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  fetch all tests for a given module .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  map   tear
truth:  map   module

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   randomise
truth:  fake   message

test:  return the version of the current instance .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  get   orthoganlize
truth:  get   hash

test:  send an instance for a given instance .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  run   encapsulate
truth:  run   instance

test:  returns a serialization statement for a given atomic type .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test core with new centered .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   hydrate
truth:  test   core

test:  this is shannons correlation parameters logbase .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  salt the salt token required for a request .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  reads an xml file and returns a parsed from a python data .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  return a backup for the given backup .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the success level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  return weeks as days .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   gives
truth:  return   days

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  fetches a message object for the given thread .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   randomise
truth:  fetches   message

test:  retrieve all the clusters for the given addon .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   undo
truth:  refresh   grains

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  check that the git search actions can be mrg_uniform .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  rename a notification via passed in .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  rename   pulls
truth:  rename   null

test:  test with local private .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  transform an app to a buffer .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  transform   bump
truth:  transform   definitions

test:  computes kolmogorov-smirnof and variance on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return true if the object has a known known known .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  returns   ayoung
truth:  returns   base

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  print out a stream of text classifications .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  print   blacklisted
truth:  print   attachments

test:  creates a new json index role .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  check if a vm has an interface or not .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  take a new config file and write sections to config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  set up the default compute_node config for the specified interface .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  verify the given exception is a string containing the text .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  create a new .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  build   recreate
truth:  build   portion

test:  returns the symmetric value for a given string .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  return   serve
truth:  return   mod

test:  parse the status of a url .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  sets the modules made .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  using astropy .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  read   unsqueeze
truth:  read   fixtures

test:  check if val is uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  parameters a boolean value like dkl2rgb .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  this read the flood configuration file options from the minion .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  explode   server_root
truth:  explode   opts

test:  list single managed servers .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  manage   wait
truth:  manage   servers

test:  parse an expression using the regex given an expression .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   sums
truth:  parse   expression

test:  create a table of data chart .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  generates the list to the auth server that has been added to the auth .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  return   copies
truth:  return   clusters

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   grouping
truth:  set   system

test:  change frequency of daily search thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   heres
truth:  change   frequency

test:  run unicode unicode characters from the shell table .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  utility method that converts a crop of the pil image .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  given   forwards
truth:  given   image

test:  returns a generator of field names from a given model class .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  return   unrooted
truth:  return   differences

test:  parse bson grant routes options .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  extract labels and cdata from tag names .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  starts and send an appropriate errback .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  time   support
truth:  time   time

test:  create a pytz tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   unparsing
truth:  creates   git

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in the dev_appserver .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  sends an email to the purchaser of the email address .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  pulls   factorize
truth:  pulls   verification

test:  get the path to the directory path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   suggest
truth:  get   folder

test:  show all images in the current figure .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  checks to see if a string could possibly be a number or not .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  checks   sparks
truth:  checks   number

test:  return the parent of the process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  is   dumping
truth:  is   patch

test:  creates a new graph from an adjacency matrix given as a line of the graph .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   publish
truth:  creates   graph

test:  create a style object from the given style .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns an integer representing a list of length n .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  test pydotprint with long .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  transform a xml file to a new child file .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  delete a file in a local directory .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  listens   failed
truth:  listens   contributor

test:  converts a date string to a datetime object .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  gets   temperature
truth:  gets   date

test:  get a list of available cpg .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  return the javascript value from a string of any possible pairs .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   hsv
truth:  load   grammar

test:  return full path to a head root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  step 4 agreement in the suffix .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  run psea on the file .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  run   flattens
truth:  run   output

test:  like iter_fiels but returns a shallow or a titlecased .
truth: like node . 
test:  like   looping
truth:  like   node

test:  to make sure the user is logged in .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  configures   obj
truth:  configures   filters

test:  execute command cmd .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  check whether there is a base file .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns an iterator over the elements of a list .
truth: like zip . 
test:  like   blink
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   shed
truth:  transform   exception

test:  return the path for a resource .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  convert a size in bytes into a human readable format .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieve partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  this function ensures that a report has been executed by any of the given files and returns a list .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   unescaped
truth:  generates   entries

test:  set the shared layers for a given basket .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  clear   step
truth:  clear   names

test:  returns a boolean indicating if the currently logged-in fields has a negative array .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  returns   flow
truth:  returns   fields

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  call the predicate function before roberts .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  return   ssl
truth:  return   errors

test:  safely return a python object .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  wrapper around the odd .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  convenience wrapper around keywords to ignore keywords .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  filter the given expression dict against a dict .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  filter   guessing
truth:  filter   namespace

test:  gzip the mnist data from the mnist datastore .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  gets the taxmodule on the macros found in the macros .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  expand   exception
truth:  expand   macros

test:  test the efficiently for surfaces .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   splitting
truth:  test   surface

test:  set up logging for log .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  configure   forbid
truth:  configure   options

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  register   enter
truth:  register   serializer

test:  converts a datetime to a datetime .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  ensure   img
truth:  ensure   compiler

test:  setup the module location .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  test   unlinks
truth:  test   fixture

test:  return the top data from the specified subset of the images .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  import a dsa key .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   listen
truth:  import   key

test:  finds elements in only one or the other of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   eliminates
truth:  finds   elements

test:  add an image to the mime status .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  update weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  keep   bench
truth:  keep   value

test:  returns cookie data as provided .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   building
truth:  returns   tag

test:  return the list of headers that can be sent in an http response .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  retrieves   stubbed
truth:  retrieves   headers

test:  reads the status file and returns truncation .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   emulate
truth:  reads   disk

test:  return the path to the directory where the user is located .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  yaml: zmq event on event server .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  convert a human readable value in a human readable format .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  chisquare goodness-of-fit test the distance matrix .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  pulls   integrating
truth:  pulls   scipy

test:  setup the itunes platform .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return the dont know what this should be in the their environment .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  generates a inner harmonic function for any layout and assign the sr_ref .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  make a dictionary of the keys available to the given aggregate .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  find the python module in the given directory .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  clones an existing security group .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   rising
truth:  clones   group

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  require   chew
truth:  require   service

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is associated with the given handler .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait for and then collect socket .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  closes   extracts
truth:  closes   socket

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  get an environment variable .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  logs   checking
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates a fake options for each admin .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  fix makereport .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  to create a dictionary with keys .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  add   scans
truth:  add   pairs

test:  create a continuous random variable with a von mises distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the tag tag for the next tag specified in the given number of bytes .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  removes previous services and reports .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  check   reverses
truth:  check   services

test:  create an index object for given language .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  test word from html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to be specific plugin .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   unlocking
truth:  copy   source

test:  return a list of dicts for the specified job id .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  generate   requesting
truth:  generate   i

test:  require a git tree to be given as a relative path .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  check   localize
truth:  check   reference

test:  remove an extension code for a module registry .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  unregister   batch
truth:  unregister   code

test:  parse a string representation of a list of hosts .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  interpret   gauss
truth:  interpret   strings

test:  saves a editor to the dialog with all the background key .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  execute queries against the given pillar id .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  running the vpn status for a vpn service .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  gets   point
truth:  gets   status

test:  generate a random html5 of the given length .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  create   small_stmts
truth:  create   line

test:  gets the version number of this sdk .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  this view will add a response to the request .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  turn   install
truth:  turn   response

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   vms
truth:  mark   thread

test:  return the cache file or directory .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   safe_octal
truth:  walk   class

test:  if loop reads a call: loop .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  returns   breaking
truth:  returns   candidates

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  test   centralized
truth:  test   backup

test:  add a handler to the internal cleanup .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  runs one or more items in a package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a table name describe its properties .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  describe   bounds
truth:  describe   table

test:  only load if apf exists on the system .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  frees a list of available audio output modules .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   switch
truth:  frees   list

test:  creates a custom foreign key for interacting with the specified kind .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   supports
truth:  read   text

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  validate an external user .
truth: check acls . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return subgraph communicability for each node of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  decrypt the aes ciphertext .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypts   pulls
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  check that a real device is a regular 5 .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  compare   forgets
truth:  compare   filesystem

test:  parses a property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   were
truth:  parses   property

test:  consume the pending hub that will be pending .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  blocking   chown
truth:  blocking   loop

test:  extract the source code of a filename .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  factory function that returns a new dateline .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  determine if we can generate a generate random key .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  patch sort: .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  patch   compile
truth:  patch   documentation

test:  return the users connections based on the current user .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  gets   differentiate
truth:  gets   accounts

test:  set quota usage usage for a given resource and multiple tenants or usage .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   compose
truth:  set   usage

test:  return a virtualenv to be currently executed .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  return a list of special addresses from which form is in the zero .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  memset on the pointer .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  fill   hover
truth:  fill   bytes

test:  queries the value for a given dataset .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  for a given image .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  helper to get the printing user from the given admin directory and return the value which has a status .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  return a generator which yields file size and count the count after a file-like .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  generates a random word .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  force-reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  convert an rgb array to the shape of a imagej image .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  return   overwrites
truth:  return   shape

test:  generates complete data for complete protocol .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  when a job has been updated .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  notify   deregister
truth:  notify   jobs

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  parses a soap enveloped saml thing and parses the thing as a dictionary .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   inserted
truth:  parses   saml

test:  make sure that a paster app is present .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  configure blueprint .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  configure   registering
truth:  configure   views

test:  return a new list of dict .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> gpudot dot -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   boot
truth:  gpu_from_host   dot

test:  counts whether a sequence holds identical elements .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  coordinates the harris points for the distance .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  returns whether the request is ratelimited or not .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  pulls   resolved
truth:  pulls   threads

test:  return a copy of the dictionary metadata if it is a dict .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  returns module version .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   lowering
truth:  return   postgres

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  create   score
truth:  create   staff

test:  generate de-duplicates file and loop for given filename .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  calculates a list of tuples .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  return   quoting
truth:  return   comma

test:  yields a role with an title role .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  pulls   present
truth:  pulls   role

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  transforms the stopped component .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  yaml: grails enable grails .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  destroy the named service .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  unregister   hostname
truth:  unregister   vm

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  like quote() .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  checks that we meet the minimum version .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  checks   flip
truth:  checks   python

test:  compute visit summary of the collections to be generated .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  computes   import
truth:  computes   summary

test:  normal test on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   constructs
truth:  test   lock

test:  setup the nest ble thermostats .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return an httpresponse with the given name .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  load a module from any own config file .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return the current active window .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  decorator for views which is used in views .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  logs a log message for an nova .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  log   remove
truth:  log   history

test:  influxdb is the first word of a hex sequence .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  change   detects
truth:  change   color

test:  create a new compiler compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  normalize a string that represents an expression to a python type .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  exception   negate
truth:  exception   resource

test:  check message types .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  guarantee   intersect
truth:  guarantee   picks

test:  waits for the element to become shown in the element .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  returns a dictionary of standard deviation .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   evpn
truth:  create   schema

test:  handle signals .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  given a string of characters representing a number .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  test   sparks
truth:  test   number

test:  convert strings to a single string .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  pulls   predicate
truth:  pulls   sql

test:  evaluates the ceiling sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   strided
truth:  evaluates   cosine

test:  provide a gaussian distribution for testing .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  function   decimals
truth:  function   storage

test:  fake function to support html .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  assert that string .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated message validator doesnt need to be errors .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   shed
truth:  raising   exception

test:  normalize the given language list .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  create a network in a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  show the image labels .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  show   forwards
truth:  show   image

test:  the schema .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a python name in the given name .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   stores
truth:  encode   name

test:  regression test for url .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  returns the text from the node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  just prevent the call to unlock .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any data or a dict of dicts to a dict .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a new source to the named user .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   pulls
truth:  instructs   null

test:  checks gradient and direction to see if any correctness of the given volume is in the mesh for conditions: and to be posted .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  correct   swaps
truth:  correct   faces

test:  loads an image and returns a loads object .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  configure   currents
truth:  configure   state

test:  check to see if python module is a valid python modules .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  checks   downloading
truth:  checks   package

test:  build a comment from the flags for a given comment name .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  return   tracks
truth:  return   urls

test:  render a template into a file .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  set the default state to use for the logs .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  like the first iteration of a list of objects .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  if the given valid credentials or username is valid .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  deletes a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   trivial
truth:  delete   connection

test:  validate user rate limiting rate .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  pulls   lash
truth:  pulls   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   pulls
truth:  needs   null

test:  find the occurrences of occurrences of a task .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  return   maps
truth:  return   locations

test:  reference the repository reference to a repository reference .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  set   displaying
truth:  set   ref

test:  restart an container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  list permissions in a cassandra cluster .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   expand
truth:  list   permissions

test:  return true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  parses a range header into a tuple of range .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  returns   throttle
truth:  returns   unit

test:  produce a permutation of the array which is 0 .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  converts a string to a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  convert   aligns
truth:  convert   volume

test:  simplification of rational polynomials .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  identify   exposes
truth:  identify   values

test:  new web widget .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  add   reserializes
truth:  add   widget

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  pulls   act
truth:  pulls   categories

test:  remove optional unicode and value from a string .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  setup the command-line arguments listed .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  setup   utf-8
truth:  setup   argument

test:  this looks for a bug in the form of a url .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  fake   carry
truth:  fake   test

test:  takes a tag that contains any file counterparts .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  visit the dyadic of a frame .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  computes   github
truth:  computes   frame

test:  returns data format generated by status .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  lookup   unpublicizes
truth:  lookup   description

test:  yaml: exclusion send files to exclusion .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is registered to a registered signed signed .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a version of pythons urllib .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  convert a hex string to a r object .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  gets skype .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sends notification through multiple event .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  like :func:unpack .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  delete the contents of a repo if it doesnt exist .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  recursively convert any key-value pairs to a string .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  return a g_{n .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   greps
truth:  return   intersection

test:  returns a list of articles that apply to passed in topics and fallback documents .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  retrieve a batch of updates from the given list of updates .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  transforms a /-delimited data to xml into a xml string .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  convert   enhance
truth:  convert   items

test:  train a given model top forward model .
truth: train model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  asynchronously call to enable a connection to a multiple of connected .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  read   resetting
truth:  read   reply

test:  fire the given message with pilight .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  fire   randomise
truth:  fire   message

test:  appropriate or here array .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  constructs   restrict
truth:  constructs   array

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   imsave
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  get the milestone value for an operation .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   registering
truth:  list   views

test:  helper method to list 2-element tuples from location .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  joins   maps
truth:  joins   locations

test:  generic euclidean to other basic types .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  code   unlocks
truth:  code   lexer

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  check that the right key non-empty primary keys this is + correctly .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  sample specific info based on the library flags .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from a django table .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  decorator to mark a task for a task .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  returns a userrpc to get the number of instances on the module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  write a double-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   capture
truth:  write   bit

test:  a simple view that returns the request data in the context .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  build a test harness: worker .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  check that the value is a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  return the given activities .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  add system index to sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  adds   ip
truth:  adds   paths

test:  compute the tell of the registered growth .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  simply sends the output of stdin .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  calls   imposes
truth:  calls   f

test:  check that the given value is valid and wont are valid .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validates   translates
truth:  validates   flags

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  concatenated rectified linear unit function .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  pulls   protects
truth:  pulls   args

test:  converts any argument to unicode .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   mounts
truth:  convert   objects

test:  unpack the data to a usable format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   restoring
truth:  unpack   data

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  pulls   template
truth:  pulls   sitemap

test:  transforms the output of parse() into a dataframe .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   removing
truth:  transforms   parse

test:  signal that this template extends a parent of the objects extends .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  recursively search for packages .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  gather   raised
truth:  gather   distributions

test:  a decorator to format module function to one-line methods and not function .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  same as a is b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  note   created
truth:  note   mode

test:  adapt the type of the data in a figure .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  adapt   teardown
truth:  adapt   type

test:  returns command line arguments .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  make sure that duplicate messages arent unicode .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  require a file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  process telnet version using telnet network device .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  process   extract
truth:  process   version

test:  parse a command list of parameters into a dictionary of alias objects .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  match   supports
truth:  match   text

test:  upload a cookie .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  tests that passing report between report and true .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates the user against the given route .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  check   error
truth:  check   bracket

test:  a decorator to ensure that the pure driver is being used .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  log   includes
truth:  log   entrance

test:  get a specific url from the cloud provider .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  get   interpret
truth:  get   dashboard

test:  write 1e6 units at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   throttle
truth:  write   unit

test:  returns a list of multiple str->none .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  translates any der-encoded der-encoded written into a dict .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  verify that rbenv is installed and fails are not installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two sequences .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  ordered   databook
truth:  ordered   comparison

test:  fetch libzmq from the source files .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  show all the rows for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   usage
truth:  show   rows

test:  handles empty and invalid values sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  handles   exposes
truth:  handles   values

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  perform a linear covariance matrix on an n-dimensional point .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  pulls   patches
truth:  pulls   permutations

test:  gets the data from the bundled revision and formats it as output so that we can get a percent change .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  gets   restoring
truth:  gets   data

test:  takes a single row and returns a dict of the words .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  produce   cleaning
truth:  produce   matrix

test:  parse the function for a cube cube cube .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clean up the old jobs from the old configuration file .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  called   rescales
truth:  called   event

test:  a factory for creating a base class class .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  stop a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  return local threshold value for an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   forwards
truth:  threshold   image

test:  return an soft-delete query for the user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  converts a message to a pretty file .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  helper method to print output and assigned errors .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  create   located
truth:  create   method

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  register a process handler for the given process .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  get an event transaction id .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  retrieves   cast
truth:  retrieves   transaction

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   flip
truth:  apply   python

test:  return an int .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  choose   teardown
truth:  choose   type

test:  this method returns the last page for the given user .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  converts the string representation of a static file to a string only .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  search for labels and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   centers
truth:  search   labels

test:  returns all possible sinusoidal of order n .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  apply   review
truth:  apply   keys

test:  parse the local apache repo .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  validate if the given app is installed .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  check   plot
truth:  check   apps

test:  yaml: scoverage enable scoverage during the build .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a bool whether or not a windows url is present .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  remove   disable
truth:  remove   |

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  returns a list of the string passed in it .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  refresh quota usage associated with a given resource .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  refresh   catching
truth:  refresh   quota

test:  expand the list of variables that have been matched by the received list of nodes and orphans in the graph .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  extract   hanging
truth:  extract   variables

test:  start commands and run the selected environment .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   pts
truth:  start   rpc

test:  update blog posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  create a user with administrator permissions .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  creates a textual representation of the current key .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the maximum distance between any non-singleton base .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  calculates   stopped
truth:  calculates   statistics

test:  return row in a buffer .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  translate   step
truth:  translate   names

test:  disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  splithost --> /path .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   bartels
truth:  clear   contents

test:  return the information from a specified file .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  sets the system id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  sets   search
truth:  sets   d

test:  closes out the user and logged in the __liked_by property .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate the existing system .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  verify that the value is a valid message for a message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  calls the given pdf variable with a list of objects .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  newegg - gets suggested by a google api & providers .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  copy data from src to dst .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copies   restrict
truth:  copies   array

test:  execute binomial helper function that returns utf-8 objects .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  pulls   examine
truth:  pulls   brick

test:  delete a directory .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  erase   resample
truth:  erase   directories

test:  preprocesses a file .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  pulls   succeed
truth:  pulls   request_response

test:  create or return a default signal map for given signal name .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  make   quotes
truth:  make   map

test:  run a child command on the given machine .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  returns the order of the order of x .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  return   throw
truth:  return   x

test:  return the unicode path .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  update a namespace .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  generate a random integer of bytes .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  only load this module if python-ethtool is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  returns a list of the content as a string .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  returns the strong order statistic in an array a .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  return the feature where elements of the input image .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  list the encoded records for a given model .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  returns a nested message for the given message .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test default values for raw task objects .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   pending
truth:  test   default

test:  get the devicesif from the lannouncer service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  setup the system_info index .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  creates an ip address for the given target .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  extract the extracts and return a url from a url .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  parses   building
truth:  parses   tag

test:  ensure that a specific user is absent name the name of the users user to remove user to run the name of the user to remove user : boolean indicating
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  plot the source file from a matplotlib plot .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  load   understemmed
truth:  load   results

test:  get information for a method .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   specifies
truth:  get   methods

test:  create an ns-package path from a list of tuples .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  calculate the segments :class:i18nstore .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  list all the manifest for a specific extension from the database .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  list   bans
truth:  list   resources

test:  parse the send error validator according to the **kwargs endpoint .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  has   pulls
truth:  has   null

test:  publish a collection of protocols from the event log .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  publish   failing
truth:  publish   style

test:  this is a task that sends a consumer to a reply .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  pulls   skips
truth:  pulls   connections

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  apply a function to the batches of an input variable .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  regression mutual .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  delete an object or raise if it or property doesnt exist or not visible .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   were
truth:  delete   property

test:  return the number of nodes depending on the architecture .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  transform a string into a list of format .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  build and email for a module .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  obtain   expose
truth:  obtain   credentials

test:  default implementation of thread .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  set   rebuilds
truth:  set   scheduler

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   parens
truth:  make   figure

test:  write the certificate to a specified value .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  fetch   traverse
truth:  fetch   cert

test:  copy data and all stat info .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  converts a given urls to links .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  parse an tal channel .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   db
truth:  parse   annotation

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  generate two sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  parse data from a list of metadata into a dictionary .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  reset the cuda used by unit .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  clear   requests
truth:  clear   brain

test:  converts a dictionary to dictionary .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  get a data structure of readme files for a repository defined in a repository .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  helper function that creates and return successful svc name from status .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   point
truth:  display   status

test:  gets the clusters children of the vcenter .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  returns   banned
truth:  returns   children

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   labeled
truth:  fetch   file

test:  prepare the wildcard image .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  given an image .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  read the first binary file and return a list of {expression}s .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get a list of tags or raise if namespace doesnt exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  factory function to bind an cherry until it uses gpsd .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  pulls   hashing
truth:  pulls   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  generate a single wcs object .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generates   create
truth:  generates   secret

test:  make a user a member of a group .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   archive
truth:  make   member

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  copy one or more test path to a media path .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  takes a position object and returns a python position object .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  turn   query
truth:  turn   position

test:  execute a remote execution command .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  send notification to send avatar .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  show   searches
truth:  show   duration

test:  link to a commit link .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  a with-context that creates a temporary dir and returns a temporary dir descriptor to it .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  select remote_api for objects .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  update or add manifest xml from srcpath as resource in dstpath .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   restoring
truth:  update   data

test:  load a product .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  assign _get_conn and automatically functions to a global service .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   crack
truth:  assign   _

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  pulls   browse
truth:  pulls   testsuite

test:  return a datetime object for the given month .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  download the specified data .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  download   simplifies
truth:  download   packages

test:  return the correct key for the current request .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  list of hosts cli example: .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  update the browser widget for the given lms .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  return   reserializes
truth:  return   widget

test:  makes a dictionary of the scope that boto3 a specific scope .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  use this instead of csrf to enable the request should be done in login state .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   executing
truth:  changes   csrf

test:  get an author name for a given user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  compute nt zeros of the airy function zeros and its derivative .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  link to removed in current language so the url of the different content .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  returns the sum size for a step .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  compute   analyzes
truth:  compute   size

test:  construct a simple function from a list that handles a timeout .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  create a form that renders a form with the given form .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   storing
truth:  create   template

test:  reads the version string .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  manage   try
truth:  manage   checkout

test:  returns the entities as a memcache .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  get   daemonize
truth:  get   memcache

test:  return a list of the loaded module mods to be removed .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get all available plugin descriptors .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the appropriate script name for the script .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  generates   preselected
truth:  generates   choice

test:  download and extract mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  a generator to apply batches of batch_size .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  get a dict of params that are stored in source files .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  pulls   obj
truth:  pulls   filters

test:  checks that the elements need to be registered .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create an attachedvolume object .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  creates an instance to the instance into the datastore .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  converts an xml buffer to a space-separated search .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  produce   compress
truth:  produce   db

test:  return a temporary temporary file object from sys .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  pulls   restructure
truth:  pulls   tmpdir

test:  generate a domain associated with a given code .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  preprocess   batch
truth:  preprocess   code

test:  try to increase resource limits of the os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  try   negate
truth:  try   resource

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  project delete feeds and project view .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  retrieve a module file from its name .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  converts a datetime to local time in the given time zone .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  returns a multivariate polynomial of n in k[x] .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  pulls   backup
truth:  pulls   properties

test:  returns the string name of a function .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  match   plan
truth:  match   profile

test:  read the file system label in llite .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test confirmation columns .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  find all up to traceback with given code and traceback .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  yaml: critical translate the jenkins pid to critical .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a template from a file .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  assume the given job exists .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  returns the leading monomial of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  create new dns entry point .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  import import the given path and return .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  import   define
truth:  import   path

test:  verify that the __pycache__ methods gets set correctly .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verify   enhanced
truth:  verify   object

test:  resource component page header .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  constructs   msg
truth:  constructs   component

test:  removes the given directory .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  create a list of weighted instructions from a list of (using values .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  this function allows a link to log in user account or continue .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  take   knapsack
truth:  take   request

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  update the category for a given category .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  pulls   partitions
truth:  pulls   category

test:  load a modules from a module setting .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   init
truth:  load   modules

test:  recursively extract tasks and address from the given model and remove any default imported .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  mimics an app token from the application .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse an character string starting at end of data .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  zfill -> -or- .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  pulls   locks
truth:  pulls   pad

test:  replace #!python with xxx to ascii string .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  fixes   step
truth:  fixes   names

test:  check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   rearranges
truth:  check   import

test:  unquoting function for checking if we are not a relative filename .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  unquotes   define
truth:  unquotes   path

test:  minimum of a tensor along an axis .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  multiply   exposes
truth:  multiply   values

test:  returns a randomly generated stochastic algorithm for the given number of stochastic stochastic stochastic stochastic = nobs^ .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  compute   view
truth:  compute   q

test:  restart the network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  do   hostname
truth:  do   vm

test:  check if a file is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  sets the console position of the current buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   analyzes
truth:  sets   size

test:  create the parser line from the homepage .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  get list of parameters from the host settings .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  determine   bench
truth:  determine   value

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns a list of zookeeper ips for an zookeeper .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieves service type from function if it exists .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   reported
truth:  retrieves   function

test:  called on config .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   deflate
truth:  test   config

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  builds the default language for the current thread .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  builds   batch
truth:  builds   code

test:  use in a sql string to make a spot for the same name .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  find a very component of component .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check the cpaste code .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  writes the closing blocks into a file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  dump   labeled
truth:  dump   file

test:  test that passing masked conjugates only replace masked columns or values in fill_values only downloads by passing in fill_values should not specify .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  return true if the given url has a url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  returns   eliminating
truth:  returns   cache

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  change the key to the temporary directory .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if the is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   pulls
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return the requested comment format .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return true if the connected to the tolerances loose .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  pulls   normalizes
truth:  pulls   loader

test:  basic checking for the basic apps that are grabbing by the gettext current schema .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  bootstraps   storing
truth:  bootstraps   template

test:  inserts a rnn state to the given rnn cell .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  return   currents
truth:  return   state

test:  run a python node and return a dictionary .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  function   looping
truth:  function   node

test:  get the name of a file or folder specified in a path .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  is used to describe test cases and might in future become helpful as an experimental tutorial as well .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  is   starts
truth:  is   nothing

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  instanticates reconid .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  returns the pipe .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  prepare a mock for url .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  prepare   install
truth:  prepare   response

test:  search for 'series' and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints out the host info .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a new array .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  inputs of inputs .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  return   protects
truth:  return   args

test:  gets the user for a given username .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  this is called from various headers which are not a valid mime request when not a content-disposition error .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   stores
truth:  unsets   name

test:  this is a factory for testing .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  updates repo from remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   deployments
truth:  updates   sources

test:  process the xml element if it has been element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  is this media player have? .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  is   specifying
truth:  is   player

test:  start the given filename .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   formatted
truth:  print   rate

test:  compares html tree and return true if the two lists are equal to the place .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  returns an api signature of a given secret .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  generates   tell
truth:  generates   signature

test:  get grid grid from a negative .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  returns   stacking
truth:  returns   grid

test:  return all weighers cost .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  return the cuda error .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   shed
truth:  returns   exception

test:  returns the token that is an xsrf token .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a two-tuple of the given audiences .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this function will prevent the minimum added from the user and adds everything in the command to the branch .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  rename   tuple
truth:  rename   branch

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  takes a uniform file and returns and truncated it .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  quotes   pulls
truth:  quotes   null

test:  return the preferred output encoding used by the locale for the current locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  settings   pulls
truth:  settings   null

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test the sigmoid and class with inputs .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  reload the firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  stop   put
truth:  stop   rules

test:  this could be used as a validator .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a version number from the git directory .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  pulls   uses
truth:  pulls   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string to a hash containing html .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  make sure that the table starts with unnamed encoding .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  view for kernels .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pulls   wrapped
truth:  pulls   permission

test:  update opkg package definitions .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return retlist .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  returns a path to socket .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a list of module names from a given module .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  reduce the image along the given image and weights .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  perform   deprecated
truth:  perform   interpolation

test:  adjust the first event loop of the mappers .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  returns dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  returns true if the list is a subset of matching tokens .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  return true if we can init this frame .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  function   purging
truth:  function   iff

test:  compute the least squares fit for the x .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  gets the absolute path of the file to be included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  checks if a user has access to a default password .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  return a selected instance for rebulk .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  this will store a stylesheet for the given object .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  return the knapsack used for the knapsack .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  knapsack   pulls
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  register distribution_finder units with this should be stored .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  register   shortens
truth:  register   classes

test:  update translated translations .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  update   gauss
truth:  update   strings

test:  converts dtype types to stata types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  converts   verify
truth:  converts   stata

test:  parses a character source file .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  passes   reencrypt
truth:  passes   start

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   skipped
truth:  calculate   use

test:  filters out which match pattern based on whether or not .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  we need to serialize to variable shape to ensure that we cant apply to a structured representation of the variable .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  pulls   shortcut
truth:  pulls   var

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  get preferred environment used for gce .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  deletes a local cache record .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  removes   suggest
truth:  removes   folder

test:  adds a new message to each of the given thread id .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  return list of available peers .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  convert a numpy image to a boolean true if it is an bool .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  builds the serial port spec for the virtual network device .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  creates a importable scores for importable which confirms more than one arithmetic scores .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  is   map
truth:  is   implementation

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular attachment enabled .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  returns a tuple of mnist .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  list all repos in repo that have been updated out of the file .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  find all broken tests .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  load   unload
truth:  load   client

test:  return the default python type for this chunk of strings .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  validate an event option listeners .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   rescales
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  checks if a user has access to the current user .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  add sparse bounded from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  resolve a file or directory like it does not exist .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  asserts   define
truth:  asserts   path

test:  send a helpful file from a given lists/dictionaries .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns a dictionary of all the defined settings for this app .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  update an :class:elasticsearch repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   commit
truth:  update   repository

test:  create a new .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns the latest version of all common others in snapshot .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  pick   indexes
truth:  pick   snapshot

test:  recursively scatter function for hub types .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  slices   transliterate
truth:  slices   variable

test:  returns a list of language codes for this language .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  disassociate all specification of an specified qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  return an instance group .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  establish   trivial
truth:  establish   connection

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  estimate the tied variance with tied covariance matrix .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   cleaning
truth:  estimate   matrix

test:  looks for packages that are configured on the system .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  read dask mesh from the dask .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  take a full path in mappings and all relevant types .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  prepend   inform
truth:  prepend   entry

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   drawing
truth:  submit   tags

test:  this is the websocket handler function which yields eventlet .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   lets
truth:  is   handler

test:  change control status .
truth: status view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  list availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a collection field from input .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  pull   flattening
truth:  pull   field

test:  dont print the last stream as a long .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  describe   currents
truth:  describe   state

test:  parse the given message in the javascript log .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  test to hit all files in a particular suffix .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  return   binhexed
truth:  return   tests

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a list of complex points .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from a unix ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  create an topojson file from the remote machine .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  returns tuple of two tuple .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  helper method to get speed from a file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  compare   orthoganlize
truth:  compare   hash

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  single and autenticate field to assets .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  see   tear
truth:  see   module

test:  retrieve the given shells on this shell via the given shells .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  return   generating
truth:  return   shell

test:  prompt user option to choose options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  return the current database version number .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  generate a new test url for a given url .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  function   deflate
truth:  function   config

test:  stacks arrays along a binary digest into a dict .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a trigger ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   turn
truth:  translate   case

test:  given an xml file .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  synchronize   constant_expression_opt
truth:  synchronize   iterables

test:  return true if error is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  warn   pulls
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  parameters seq : sequence returns iterator returning overlapping pairs of elements examples .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  if holiday falls on weekend .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the parameters from the filename .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  creates a random rid of a session on the hypervisor .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  duplicate home assistant support for py2exe .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  using   using
truth:  using   hack

test:  get an unsorted statement for all targets .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  clear   generate
truth:  clear   users

test:  that the /language0/project0 compliant compliant to an empty directory .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  create   unleash
truth:  create   store

test:  find the attribute dictionary for an iterable .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal symbol .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  remote filter for the signal with the given generalized filter .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  pulls   locate
truth:  pulls   filtering

test:  construct a command line configured with the args and flags .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  construct   instantiate
truth:  construct   arguments

test:  get the list of contents info from a history .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  get   branching
truth:  get   progress

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  test that the block reader will take pdbbreakpoint .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  return the status of the current linux status .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  show   clones
truth:  show   server

test:  generate html string with web page and html-escape it .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  wrap   drawing
truth:  wrap   tags

test:  parses a string and return a datetime object .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   serialize
truth:  parses   str

test:  calls the :app:pyramid method with a :app:pyramid :term:view .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  pulls   updates
truth:  pulls   wsgi

test:  clean a path .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  accepts   define
truth:  accepts   path

test:  return dataframe from given string value .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  does   rect
truth:  does   work

test:  convert a binary string to nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   tracked
truth:  convert   s

test:  return a dictionary of time strings for an object .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  truncate argument-string to the list of aware .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return available packet datacenter projects .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   determine
truth:  return   projects

test:  signal the arguments passed to the arguments passed in args .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  assuming   tell
truth:  assuming   signature

test:  run the background process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  get the currently active global timezone .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  get   sqlmap
truth:  get   limit

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  competency controller .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return the name of a service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  show   backup
truth:  show   properties

test:  should normally be removed .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  a decorator to create the tests for activations being used .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  defines   reported
truth:  defines   function

test:  yaml: url this plugin allows you to serialize the build .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  print the pyzmq pyzmq .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  point   reported
truth:  point   function

test:  calculate a slice for use in nested dataframe s this is a class to convert columns of integer tree .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  slice   pandas
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return the value turned into a given number of characters .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  return the number of projects that exactly projects .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a list of the zipdir .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  ensure   phred
truth:  ensure   caches

test:  decorator for wrapping subtest error message .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  removes symbolic environment variables .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  supply   retain
truth:  supply   platform

test:  get the best match between a unit and b .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fsync -> int list fsync .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  compile a compiler .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   dst
truth:  compile   c

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  pulls   attacked
truth:  pulls   stats

test:  redirect to a given request .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  generate   asserting
truth:  generate   redirect

test:  pull a refs from the refs .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  pull   pulls
truth:  pull   null

test:  this function provides functionality for the announcements template tag syntax:: {% announcements permission_label .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  produce an array of six .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  concatenate   mounts
truth:  concatenate   objects

test:  query the resource at a given url .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   negate
truth:  query   resource

test:  parse authorization hashes header out of an http header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  helper function to log each element in the image .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  computes   landing
truth:  computes   sum

test:  return a fast header for key .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  trimmed   extract
truth:  trimmed   version

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  compute   contrasts
truth:  compute   digest

test:  return html indicating that the users payment was complete .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent of the objects extends .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  receive and receive suffix like a socket .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   extracts
truth:  receive   socket

test:  checks if obj is a container parameters obj : object object to check for .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  min-max softmax of lasso_stability_path .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  compute   checkout
truth:  compute   way

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters in pattern or pattern matching the python-style pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  convert unicode object into bytes .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  write output to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep or parse_fastq sequences .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  create a eat descriptor .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  read   flattening
truth:  read   field

test:  convert a list to a string .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  a damped example of the second kind .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  consume the iterator n-steps ahead .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  formats a duration string according to the rules in _check_challenge .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  format   suppresses
truth:  format   seconds

test:  deletes the request headers and validate or request .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  table with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  test resample resample .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns major version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns information about the xblocks structure for the xblocks structure .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  test fill a 2 chart .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  return the status for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute the real real coordinate .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return true if path is an executable .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  checks whether floating-point values a and b are equal to b .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  same as twisted .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  skip test if predicate is true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  skip   cie
truth:  skip   predicate

test:  make sure the function is set correctly .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  error   lets
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  delete metadata .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  start the windows time service :return: true if successful .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  job for a given pages .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  loads the win32 api .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  convert s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  either the identifers or multiindex network .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   configured
truth:  parse   tree

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration reference .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   colorized
truth:  construct   context

test:  returns a list of supported language supported by python .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  select   flip
truth:  select   python

test:  unpack dict of who-has who-has for database .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   paging
truth:  attaches   interface

test:  create a proxy for shell instance into a subclass of fields .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  instantiate   distribute
truth:  instantiate   proxy

test:  return the matches of the given expression .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  search   coupling
truth:  search   target

test:  educated a zip file .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  compress   disconnects
truth:  compress   dir

test:  avoid duplicating page index work .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dictionary containing the elements of grouped data .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  form   restoring
truth:  form   data

test:  returns the english article for the given word .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  decide   pulls
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns user authentication string for an http basic auth .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  given   assume
truth:  given   header

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  checks that the python version matches the given version .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  test   stores
truth:  test   name

test:  example: assignjs will return exceptions .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  sets the global context for the current user .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  adds   hanging
truth:  adds   variables

test:  minimize a function using the downhill algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   reported
truth:  minimize   function

test:  helper function to set controls from bundle .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  get   autoencoder
truth:  get   xml

test:  ip_address_string -> event_source_id .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   commit
truth:  install   repository

test:  given a list of exploration ids .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  create a new service .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  solves bernoulli differential equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  use pexpect to retrieve the output of show ip int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  require setuptools to be installed .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  returns the ith matrix of a matrix note: the elements are not a matrix .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   packs
truth:  returns   transpose

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  show certname and certname from configuration .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  get   trailing
truth:  get   flag

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  generate a generator for functions that can be used as an application for storing key .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  construct an entry from an ssh volume .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   recover
truth:  uninstall   gems

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  transforms a series into a series of non-html file edit that they appear in r .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transforms   renders
truth:  transforms   series

test:  get the line index of the lines after the first occurence of the lines .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   limiting
truth:  parse   order

test:  create a new computenode and populates the the the the the most recent data for the input dictionary .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  add brew brew to directory for yesterdays .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  attempt forced removal of a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  remove   inputs
truth:  remove   monitor

test:  ensure that the file extension is utf-8 .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  gets a valid number for the specified region and number type anywhere .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  get a single signin signin .
truth: codestring - 调用check_login()时返回的codestring . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  get all rules .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  get   content
truth:  get   globals

test:  return path to a pid or conf file for a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  prepares logger for writing to match log .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  factorial(n) -> int calculates the genslices .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  generate   redefine
truth:  generate   slices

test:  converts an ip address string to an ip number as a long integer .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  convert a dictionary of utc time in gf(p)[x] format to iso 8601 format .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  we want to construct an n x mounted report .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  report   optimize
truth:  report   quotas

test:  uses the package version number to replace replace replace replace replace replace the standard deviation .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  replace   crack
truth:  replace   _

test:  yaml: tox this plugin introduces a build for tox regexes :arg str install-name: release goals and options .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it should extract the repr string from the scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  implements   crack
truth:  implements   _

test:  test whether two independent arrays are redirect from a single numpy array .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  convert the name of a directory to a tail path .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  converts   define
truth:  converts   path

test:  return url to async .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  decode a bson double to bson .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   locking
truth:  decode   bson

test:  yield paths/uris of a step in the step .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  wrapper for the backrefs .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  generate   publish
truth:  generate   graph

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  add cylinder drill hole to negatives .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  return used by performance .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  asserts   install
truth:  asserts   response

test:  queries the query and returns an radian .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  fetch   xlsx
truth:  fetch   query

test:  copy store a backend store into a backend store .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  persist   forms
truth:  persist   result

test:  removes parameters and keyword arguments .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  append   populates
truth:  append   params

test:  verify that the fixed-offset format is a list of strings .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to return the datastore rpc for configuration .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  get sha1 .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   bring
truth:  open   page

test:  this is a generator which provides the entire number of chunk_size is a generator that is invoked in a changeset changeset that is returned .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  separate an optional node into a dictionary .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   throw
truth:  add   x

test:  non-blocking lock fixture .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  blocking   unlinks
truth:  blocking   fixture

test:  grain for the returned object that can be used in a com object .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  verifies that a certificate is valid and really or not .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  find a file metadata for a bucket from the given bucket .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   post_save
truth:  looks   metadata

test:  show the simplest whose whose whose whose names are successful .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  prints   minpoly(add
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up an existing flow in session .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  retrieves   encapsulate
truth:  retrieves   instance

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  ' -- get the most recently -- a version with the karma .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  any exception works in the second line .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  m   cleaning
truth:  m   matrix

test:  takes a cron file and returns true if the users that was changed .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  traverse up from current directory and find mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  decorator for setting up to skip test if on decorator is true .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  walk a directory and all its subdirectories .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   unlocking
truth:  iterate   source

test:  configures the time zone defined in the config file .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a qtransform instance of a shell shell .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  extract   generating
truth:  extract   shell

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  volunteer amazon counter to the series/index .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  implements   control
truth:  implements   generation

test:  validate config .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   banned
truth:  validate   children

test:  run the app in a shell .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  read a file and patch it .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return the largest embedded raster image in an image .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   abort
truth:  return   raster

test:  returns a tuple of for all violations in the given criteria .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  potentially tag types .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  formatter to have been set .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  parse   purge
truth:  parse   requirements

test:  process the archivable or any new elements and process the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   eliminates
truth:  get   elements

test:  same as a[b] = a .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that a trivial archive archive cannot reference a absolute path outside the archive .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   rearranges
truth:  ensure   import

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  returns   protected
truth:  returns   urlconf

test:  uses bitmap to resize .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  resizes   rabins
truth:  resizes   bitmap

test:  destroy an instance or raise if it does not exist or has hosts .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  generator that provides multiple tuples .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  returns   initalize
truth:  returns   k

test:  return true if running under the current thread .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  pulls   modify
truth:  pulls   gpu

test:  setup the events for a specific plugin .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   bump
truth:  setup   definitions

test:  return an object or list of objects into a mongodb database cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  get a specific sm backend by a specific sr .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   replicate
truth:  get   sm

test:  parse the volume info from the volume .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  determines which python data structures for use when possible .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  log   knapsack
truth:  log   request

test:  normalize the text to html .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  normalizes   supports
truth:  normalizes   text

test:  connect to a database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  returns a launchd version of the installed version .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  update   extract
truth:  update   version

test:  parabolic cylinder functions .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  compute   annoy
truth:  compute   rank

test:  redirect unix streams if none .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   takes
truth:  redirect   stream

test:  verify given mode is 644 .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  verify   created
truth:  verify   mode

test:  test with hidden scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   multivariate
truth:  test   blocks

test:  parse documentation text and return the corresponding documentation for the given header .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  annotate   failing
truth:  annotate   style

test:  add a value to an existing exam .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  add   colorized
truth:  add   context

test:  strip quoted characters from a string .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  strip   supports
truth:  strip   text

test:  safely remove a file .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return superimposition matrix element-wise .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  computes a linear least squares fit for each state .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  jupyter the jupyter display notebook .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  returns the id of the given user .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  generate a flexget code for use in gf_csolve .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generates   extract
truth:  generates   version

test:  fix the modules with the name .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  replace   plugin
truth:  replace   division

test:  this method is called every time an instance of every consistency .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  sets   located
truth:  sets   method

test:  add the directory dir to the list of directories .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   disconnects
truth:  add   dir

test:  inspect a container container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  a convenience function that instantiates a string .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  mapping   mount
truth:  mapping   task

test:  create a mongo mongo .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if given distribution is installed .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  return   distribution

test:  commit a git tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  compare two arrays and right are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  assert   childnodes
truth:  assert   timestamp

test:  provide a simple page with a low xml page .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  generates   touch
truth:  generates   controller

test:  construct an xml attribute string from the given xml .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert the path to a list of the file system path .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  normalize   define
truth:  normalize   path

test:  item add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative jn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  return the first rate of the given rate .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  pass   unbinds
truth:  pass   exceptions

test:  position an array into a numpy array .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  returns true if the executable exists on the system .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   checkout

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  support   colorized
truth:  support   context

test:  remount up a remount process or a remount .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  performs the given string encryption on plaintext key .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return true if the url is a windows url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  close and check for enough using interpolation .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  verify   convert
truth:  verify   sequences

test:  check that overriding gives a single-line bug on and __new__ result .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  pulls   ayoung
truth:  pulls   base

test:  construct a query for creating node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  build the long description from a file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  casts a dict to a device .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  register internal trigger types .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   autoreleased
truth:  register   types

test:  close the status message .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  closes   pulls
truth:  closes   null

test:  registers a a function which can be called upon an unhandled hook .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  registers   decorating
truth:  registers   log

test:  check to see if given is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  returns   kills
truth:  returns   assert

test:  copies a file to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   populates
truth:  copies   params

test:  remove gating prerequisite usage key usage by an pascalcase content .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   encoded
truth:  removes   milestone

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   describing
truth:  remove   listener

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   sleep
truth:  removes   files

test:  disable any cached os .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  default function to validate if pythons codecs is valid .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns an exception that given a binary string .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  read mm_stamp tag from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get a list of all valid paths this function returns a list of active on the 3d sequence .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  display a stats from the response .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  render   renders
truth:  render   series

test:  change the default group of the qapplication .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  smooth image blocks from given image .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  smooth   forwards
truth:  smooth   image

test:  use processes and start queries .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  adds   expects
truth:  adds   queries

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  test   coupling
truth:  test   target

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  validate username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  g_k sql_query on all euler in euler .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   copies
truth:  get   clusters

test:  decorator for views that are multiple errors .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  warn   makes
truth:  warn   namespaces

test:  get the list of the transformed paths .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  rename a file .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  renames   enrolls
truth:  renames   destination

test:  converts a string argument to a float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   bench
truth:  formats   value

test:  returns the version tuple as a tuple .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  attempts   extract
truth:  attempts   version

test:  raise an error if the path does not exist .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  write a table as a fixed column on a data set .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given a query string .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  check that channels of a string is a valid ica .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   intersect
truth:  check   picks

test:  process a namespace python data list from a string containing a data set .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  translate the exception text to an exception .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  convert   shed
truth:  convert   exception

test:  returns a nested unicode number within a positive integer .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  converts a maps .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  generate   assign
truth:  generate   requests

test:  wrap a sibling file .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  read   preload
truth:  read   content

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  remove all objects from the given gc .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  try   phred
truth:  try   caches

test:  returns the height of the correct number of characters .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  raises an exception if the given namespace or registered .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  recursively remove a list of files .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   printing
truth:  remove   locale

test:  saves current social-auth status to session .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  saves   iterate
truth:  saves   auth

test:  updates all profilers in the db .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns a snapshots metadata for the collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   contained
truth:  returns   snapshots

test:  set the original locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  returns information about the api .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   batch
truth:  exchanges   code

test:  provide results for a resource .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  a simple date from a date .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  extract   temperature
truth:  extract   date

test:  shorthand for deleting an error description .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  returns a generator which reads a raw bytes from a raw stream .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  customize the compiler version from the given strftime .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  pulls   hide
truth:  pulls   distutils

test:  given a template name .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  gets   storing
truth:  gets   template

test:  returns the region code that matches a specific country calling code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this only works on windows systems .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list the security groups in a scaleway .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  declare the only interfaces implemented by instances of a given class .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   borrowed
truth:  declare   instances

test:  return list of active mounts .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  find users match for given search {}software .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  searches   registers
truth:  searches   product

test:  returns a random user id .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  take a string of query strings and return a space-separated .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  create an image .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  returns a list of non private private key for the given exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  raises an exception if its not <perm>_<usermodulename> .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  check   expand
truth:  check   permissions

test:  parse and return headers .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  returns a list of nonisomporphic layout names for the given multiplier .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  in case of ldap password file .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   optimized
truth:  get   script

test:  a multivariate normal interpolation .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the global mysql error .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  look   colorized
truth:  look   context

test:  given a table of ownership targets .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  builds   presents
truth:  builds   mapping

test:  ensure assigning string s[start:end] -> unicode strings .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  ensure   gauss
truth:  ensure   strings

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix cosine .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  get the unix python file or unicode on a system .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if a sheet exists in its illegal .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get a file-back method for a wsdl method .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  converts str or bytes to a string .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  detect   tracked
truth:  detect   s

test:  save a dictionary of characters and their join data into a dictionary .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  gets a search result dictionary for the given host .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  find   hanging
truth:  find   variables

test:  instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   crack
truth:  instantiate   _

test:  shortcut to guard with the given scheduler .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   logout
truth:  callback   change

test:  returns the percentage of api cpu used for the current request .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   deprecate
truth:  get   cpu

test:  normalize a string .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  generate charset_type: style images for staging .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  rename   sleep
truth:  rename   files

test:  require the templates/project0/ translation code .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  train additional summary of a session .
truth: train a model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  get the parsed response info from the response .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   forms
truth:  parse   result

test:  returns changes in svn format .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  find the minimum or statement in the x[a][b] directory .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  computes the normal loglikelihood for normal distribution parameters x : array the null hypothesis .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  ask for a user .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompts   enumerator_list
truth:  prompts   confirmation

test:  test that output a template works with no number of data .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  extract a dict of {field_index: } .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   drawing
truth:  parse   tags

test:  returns true if the url is a valid redirection .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  check if a kernel is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  check   delay
truth:  check   conda

test:  import import the directory tree .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  disable all the vulndb/data extensions .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   shortens
truth:  get   classes

test:  copy-pasted a single plugged-in into a a dictionary-like object .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  converts   stores
truth:  converts   name

test:  converts any extra parameters to a template context .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  computes the average average in relaxed .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  add a file and installs fingerprint .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  check if media permissions are of media permissions .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  construct a testsuite loaded from a folder .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  provide   browse
truth:  provide   testsuite

test:  list entry list .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  show   decoding
truth:  show   lists

test:  prints all information about this pagination .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   revoked
truth:  prints   details

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  solutions of represented by comparing two strings .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  helper to parse action .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run metagenomeseqs filter for remote filter .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   extract
truth:  run   version

test:  set the given properties and update the most recent data .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  removes all directories under any of the given node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  remove   banned
truth:  remove   children

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   included
truth:  pooling   cudnn

test:  return true if this return the *advanced is visible .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   named
truth:  setup   z

test:  get file paths from desktop .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  grab   switch
truth:  grab   list

test:  parse the namespace_id parsed headers according to the seconds .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  parse   stubbed
truth:  parse   headers

test:  send session session to users session .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  send   command
truth:  send   session

test:  returns the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  force a new user .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  a post-hook for building a character .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  wrap   mail
truth:  wrap   creation

test:  block the call to setdefaulttimeout with a timeout; if the server is raised .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  returns a list of path components .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  return   tsv
truth:  return   components

test:  convert a match string to a regular expression pattern .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  pulls   opened
truth:  pulls   re

test:  a higher order function implemented on top of the default gc .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  splits a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final folder .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  add a real server to a service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   clones
truth:  add   server

test:  make a generator that iterates through the :term:view metadata and add them to an entry .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get a colormap some countgraph .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  stop a container from a docker installation container container id timeout cli example: .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  converts an instance to a dict .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  convert   pushing
truth:  convert   model

test:  retrieve symbol from the provided cache api .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  download   post_save
truth:  download   metadata

test:  remove users in conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   generate
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  pulls   parameterize
truth:  pulls   integers

test:  enable the given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  get the functions that starts with the given search .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  construct a direct container policy .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  talk   pulls
truth:  talk   null

test:  return the selected id .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the sha contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  return the set of the line in src .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  return the number of words in a string .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  count   minpoly(add
truth:  count   words

test:  only load if the hipchat module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   cloning
truth:  load   github

test:  renders the given template_name and return the content as a string .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  the search method for the cname method in the specified cname .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  given   union
truth:  given   domain

test:  returns website users .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  implement xxdot call to insert a xxdot .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   smooth
truth:  call   vector

test:  the implementation of the denominators in the ask .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  fail unless the environment is a given package case .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  l{libvlc_media_list_new}() docstring object options for whether options object options object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  default   pulls
truth:  default   null

test:  check that initializing gives the correct number .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  check   pickles
truth:  check   reverse

test:  a decorator that assign a function to its modifier modifier .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  clean up an attribute dictionary .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  match   looping
truth:  match   node

test:  test if given setting is in the correct life and will be ignored .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return predefined results based on execute_table5 .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  apply a palette to each image .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  get   resume
truth:  get   pil

test:  create a random string of "b" characters .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get extra information from dict of a dictionary of headers .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parses   tile
truth:  parses   information

test:  convert a text string with bytes in hex form into a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  add the value of a type specified by the type and then ordereddict .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  add   dedent
truth:  add   printer

test:  restful crud controller for organisation images .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if http status code is success .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  compute the right cartesian cartesian and class .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  returns a system stream .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  take tasks and return appropriate style dictionary as environment variables .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  single resource class or single resource class .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  add new revision certificate from a site certificate .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  returns cdata for the given data .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  merges a sequence of dictionaries .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  given a host object for an nova host .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  generates a elide url for a file .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  verify that value is a valid requirements .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a new trigger type db in the db .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  create a container from a running container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   satisfy
truth:  create   container

test:  helper function to normalize the response headers .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  sort   stubbed
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get a handle to a prosite id .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  pulls   wrapping
truth:  pulls   handle

test:  run changed on the rest of the current machine .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  run   navigates
truth:  run   cron

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  command   downgrades
truth:  command   point

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  returns the native file in contenttype .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  perform any argument value coercion necessary for unix client parameters .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  get the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  set the rate limiting rate limiting requests for the given rate .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  enable   formatted
truth:  enable   rate

test:  entry point .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  returns the maximum of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  return a list of minimum tmux data in the minimum clients .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns a tuple of the drop version .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   basestring
truth:  place   migration

test:  return code object for given function .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  this function generates all languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  set the default value of an object .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  renders a template for the given object and returns a dictionary of a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a group group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  test fit and sample using a kmeans object .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  construct an appropriate object for the given <filename> and group .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  makes   localize
truth:  makes   reference

test:  retrieves the deployment_config_file deployment .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  retrieves   killed
truth:  retrieves   network

test:  gets the template attribute of the current django app .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  get the url without doing words .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  examples for parse_folder() .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  create or build the options .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  minify   receiving
truth:  minify   js

test:  set up the zoneminder component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  make a base class which applies to verify that we can find and one class with assigned to that maps .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  create   reflect
truth:  create   testcase

test:  generate a hash of the contents of a string .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  rc4   customized
truth:  rc4   salt

test:  display a skeinlayered file .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  analyze   labeled
truth:  analyze   file

test:  adds the given clauseelement and upgrade compilation into the given httpresponse .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  used   supplied
truth:  used   api

test:  return the structure of the current instance .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  verify that a gem ruby is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  test installing from a package .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  like stack .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  stack   pulls
truth:  stack   null

test:  get the process of a process instance .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test that we can compile nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   embedded
truth:  test   example

test:  update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   resolving
truth:  update   defaults

test:  converts a numpy matrix to a matrix .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  builds   divides
truth:  builds   matrices

test:  retrieves all consistency groups .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  make sure that all the build files exist in the path .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  emulate   pings
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  no backend should have a test .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  tests that hugs nullable type parameter works as expected .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   enhanced
truth:  update   object

test:  list all matplotlib backend for a matplotlib module .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  writeable file object that atomically updates the functions to open the temporary file and return its atomic .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  open   enhanced
truth:  open   object

test:  read an image from the file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  return an iterator over all of the given file .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  marks a firewall as the context for a given .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  parses a command line options from a list of option .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  used   float
truth:  used   decorator

test:  command : print error .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   display
truth:  command   print

test:  load a remote branch from the selected branch .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  deploy   cloning
truth:  deploy   github

test:  returns the table item as an item .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  fetch   bounds
truth:  fetch   table

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  wrapper around stdscr .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a large formatted records from a file .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  read   store
truth:  read   memory

test:  setup global configuration .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  setup   bounds
truth:  setup   table

test:  check if an apache version is a zmq version .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  generate   unlock
truth:  generate   keypair

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  test   equalize
truth:  test   email

test:  return true if the object has a user-defined generator .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outline   del
truth:  outline   gcode

test:  plots the simplified summary .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  validate learning files .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  pulls   visit
truth:  pulls   padding

test:  returns the length of both numpy and b .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  string   databook
truth:  string   comparison

test:  compute the sum of non-zero values in an array .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  compute   restrict
truth:  compute   array

test:  returns whether the meta_resource_type is inside a inside a inside inside a system .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  returns a html field that will be used to initiate markdown as a [index] .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escapes   supports
truth:  escapes   text

test:  solves separable 1st order differential equations .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  returns a list of contents .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  checks if a file is present .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   allowed
truth:  connect   aws

test:  deletes an item from the course .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  deletes   bdecodes
truth:  deletes   xblock

test:  extract module_content .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  for a given scode .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  debugging   reported
truth:  debugging   function

test:  provides the unix socket for which the given string is present .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  split an expression and right filter .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   rrmgr
truth:  split   threshold

test:  agent add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  check if the object has been equal .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  check for single default .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  given a valid protocol .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  check   temperature
truth:  check   date

test:  expression_opt : empty .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   pulls
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  return hardware information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return a specific tenants cli examples: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  apply updates scale .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  pulls   increment
truth:  pulls   gradient

test:  buildinfo resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  serialize the current footer and return a list of tuples in the current footer .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  returns a deferred .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  delete a table from the database .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  deletes   bounds
truth:  deletes   table

test:  context manager to capture sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  place a set of rotations and optionally amount rather than specific value amount .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  get a list of all of the absolute paths of the top-level external data directories for both tcl and tk .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  test that columns of column names from positive .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  compute md5 hash of the md5sum of a file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  configure email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   equalize
truth:  email   email

test:  run an example module in the __main__ .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   tear
truth:  run   module

test:  construct an integer difference between a and b .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  a template tag to decide whether frappe is missing by currency .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  download a mission from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  downloads   startup
truth:  downloads   mission

test:  call fn with given args and kwargs .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  calls   filters
truth:  calls   fn

test:  single part of a single bytestring .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  set   providing
truth:  set   tensor

test:  set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  obtain a file objects from a cryptographically-strong file .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  read   mounts
truth:  read   objects

test:  use this function to use valid instead of the plugin .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   identifies
truth:  set   plugin

test:  only load this module if the kernel is present .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  load   calculate
truth:  load   windows

test:  copy one or more filesystem snapshots to a single volume .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   aligns
truth:  copy   volume

test:  comment: get or set the icondata for an object .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  sets   resizes
truth:  sets   icon

test:  converts block of two block lists into a new block .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  constructs   cleaning
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  create user list .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  create and create a sql logger .
truth: create the database . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  converts the cholesky decomposition of a obs gaussian distribution parameters x : ndarray .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  validate a portname for a portname .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  recursively convert any lists to another analysis .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  recursive   autoreleased
truth:  recursive   types

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  pulls   input
truth:  pulls   generators

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original folders for both single and multi episodes .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   bartels
truth:  filters   contents

test:  parses our draft name and returns the ipython descriptions .
truth: if present . 
test:  present   pulls
truth:  present   null

test:  returns a .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  move up to corresponding to corresponding rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   usage
truth:  move   rows

test:  make a connection .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute polynomial irreducibility test over finite fields .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  expand   overlay
truth:  expand   func

test:  list groups for organization .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   decide
truth:  list   groups

test:  extract a model from a given model .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  express   restoring
truth:  express   data

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of sequences in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   persists
truth:  return   subsequence

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get roles or current user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  break tuple of trees for constructing .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  traverse   safe_octal
truth:  traverse   class

test:  returns the document for a given document .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  given   logarithmic
truth:  given   slug

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   display
truth:  like   print

test:  register a new valid python script? .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   shows
truth:  register   subclass

test:  raises frappe with other users .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  raises   gunicorn
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  returns a manual object for the given doc .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  set the key/value info cookie .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  creates   modbus
truth:  creates   cookie

test:  returns an iterable of tuples from the json object .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  returns   aliased
truth:  returns   json

test:  return the current server configuration that the minion will read the snapper from the network device .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  contains   exposes
truth:  contains   values

test:  rebuild a compiler object for the given class .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  n319 - return the corresponding dimension of a tensor .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  transform   centers
truth:  transform   labels

test:  mangle a named group .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  mangle   stores
truth:  mangle   name

test:  creates a document .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  make a series of the series expansion of p modulo o .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  function   renders
truth:  function   series

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  computes the maximum along the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  taken from the given string .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  show idle-format warning after replacing warnings .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   eventlet
truth:  show   warning

test:  returns the current database value for the given db .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  initialize the helptopic completion model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   pushing
truth:  initialize   model

test:  generator function for segmentations bounds .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  update the state of the task .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   mount
truth:  update   task

test:  begin text with unix extension .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   closes
truth:  return   +

test:  get the path to the directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  compare two strings .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  start a modbus server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  build a default audio data for the given audio context .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  builds   restoring
truth:  builds   data

test:  make a terms from f with zero coefficients .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  execute the multiprocessing data that will be automatically applied to a specific data call this function .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  set the 'success' id and label state .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  find the vertical node for the given node .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   incoming
truth:  find   op

test:  return a list of all registered changes .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  display   loads
truth:  display   changes

test:  round a number to a int .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  decorator for a handler .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  new web project form .
truth: new project form . 
test:  project   r^2
truth:  project   form

test:  asserts that two arrays are equal .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  removes a users via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string matches the series/index .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   printed
truth:  replace   pattern

test:  download a url from a url .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  install the virtual environment for the given revision .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  install   unquoting
truth:  install   environment

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   exposes
truth:  accepts   values

test:  lists the default directory to use for temporary files .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  configures all users on the device .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   spawn
truth:  configures   devices

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   pyopenssls
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  partial release complete section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   alignment
truth:  release   section

test:  fixture that provides a blob for a blob .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  adds a task to a queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  shortcut   mount
truth:  shortcut   task

test:  given two model a and b .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  pulls   algorithm
truth:  pulls   points

test:  convert a string to a valid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  test subunit output def .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  remove an element from the pixel list .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   uncheck
truth:  remove   element

test:  get a numpy dtype .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  converts   embeds
truth:  converts   pandas

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  transform the rate limits for a ascii-safe spec .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  return a matching base name of a tuple .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  tests   stores
truth:  tests   name

test:  check that the api key exists in the current polar .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  validate   listen
truth:  validate   key

test:  get the resolver class for the given resource type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  a single bundle does not register a single bundle .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  formats a date according to the given value .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  test datetime validation .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  sets the value of a response .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  add   assume
truth:  add   header

test:  looks for a field of a field .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  sign   offset
truth:  sign   parameters

test:  initialize the selected choose .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  extend   currents
truth:  extend   state

test:  return a callback for the xml text .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  translate   bench
truth:  translate   value

test:  run an keyboardinterrupt keyboardinterrupt .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   takes
truth:  scan   stream

test:  registered handler for sphinx .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  run correlation tests for each group .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  mean squared logarithmic loss function .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  given a courses set of commentable settings and a specific course settings .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of unique list of unique ids .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  create   attributes
truth:  create   arrays

test:  return a list of all default handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  check whether return are supported on this host .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   win
truth:  check   sockets

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  change   freezing
truth:  change   configuration

test:  collect and collect a valid master from master .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  get   fake
truth:  get   load

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   deserialize
truth:  respond   csv

test:  declares a flag as key for the flags .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  registers   enhanced
truth:  registers   object

test:  returns basic frame .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  retrieve openshift version from facts if not existing facts .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  get   causes
truth:  get   openshift

test:  return identity matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  return   throttle
truth:  return   unit

test:  generate an instance of contents for a given page and returns the page in the given u'show .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  quotes a string for use in html .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  get an item from the queue .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  attempts   urlencode
truth:  attempts   item

test:  returns a binary digest algorithm from a string .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  return   terminate
truth:  return   password

test:  creates a query to filter identities based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  convert a timedelta object to a timedelta object .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  register a new application .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  separate the contents of a line containing a pil .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  function   engulfing
truth:  function   coding

test:  product of a matrix as a missing pointer .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  recursively resolve a iterator or a iterator of iterator .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  map   pending
truth:  map   default

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses configured on the interface ifname .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get a free disk .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  gemm computing a single local login before processing .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  delete the ae and all its contents .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  removes   enhanced
truth:  removes   object

test:  merge list of dictionaries .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  combines   review
truth:  combines   keys

test:  create an exception class .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  run an arbitrary command line .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  check   match
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write statistics for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  helper for checking bem surface from a subjects scale name .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  scale   labeled
truth:  scale   file

test:  check to see if a member exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  check   archive
truth:  check   member

test:  check if user is possible to win_smtp_server .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  reverse   overlay
truth:  reverse   func

test:  returns a dictionary of information about the desired *domains .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  checks   estimating
truth:  checks   domains

test:  reconstruct the type of obj .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  reconstruct   enhanced
truth:  reconstruct   object

test:  returns a class of the hashable class .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  makes   safe_octal
truth:  makes   class

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   gauss
truth:  compares   strings

test:  draw the networkx graph g for networkx nodes .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  attach a json generated queryset representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   aliased
truth:  attach   json

test:  compute edge centrality for bipartite nodes .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  same as a rshift b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  usage: {% page_permissions page as follower %} sets the page to the page .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  adds   bring
truth:  adds   page

test:  save properties from instance_type in a flavor file .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   dictview
truth:  save   instance_type

test:  returns a spectral .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  returns   attached
truth:  returns   statistic

test:  initialize history .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  enable   remove
truth:  enable   history

test:  remove leading and trailing whitespace from a string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  only run on netbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt on the master .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  takes a string and pads it to a maximum of its indentation .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  pads   shared
truth:  pads   string

test:  broadcasting the exceptions .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  stop the specific program .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stops   colorized
truth:  stops   context

test:  helper function: returns the number of numbers in a database .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  syntax checking: missing syntax .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  pulls   splits
truth:  pulls   checking

test:  get a view from the user .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  get   iterate
truth:  get   auth

test:  return a list of all available locations on the cloud provider .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  concatenate matrices between an array .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  pregnancy pregnancy of pregnancy length for pregnancy pregnancy .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  test the function with nested theano method .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  this is an swap broadcast and code for code steps .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  like print_exc() but return a string .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  format   applied
truth:  format   trace

test:  register a new task to be moved to a python object .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  upload   sleep
truth:  upload   files

test:  require an existing root url .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  handles   access
truth:  handles   url

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  create a postfix .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  get a pending reboot checks if it was pending .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  dump a message and prints default structure for all successful exception .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  pulls   imageidfield
truth:  pulls   debugging

test:  list of *text* .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure column open file paths in the given quantities .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  pulls   accepting
truth:  pulls   e

test:  test cloning an editable package from a setup .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given a trail name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   r^2
truth:  create   form

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  internal method for spans .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  extract   shared
truth:  extract   string

test:  return whether or not the instance is a signature-preserving datetime object .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  given   temperature
truth:  given   date

test:  validate the decoding configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a pytree .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   looping
truth:  accepts   node

test:  clean up any stubs to use the same test run .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  degree of differential polynomials .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  returns   indicate
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  delete a login profile .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  deletes   plan
truth:  deletes   profile

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  read an alignment sequence of integers from file and store as single line .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   building
truth:  read   tag

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  configure flocker agent for use in node with deployment .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   decompresses
truth:  configure   flocker

test:  replace the input data with the next 0 .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  sort   restrict
truth:  sort   array

test:  convert a dictionary to a native dict of groups .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  list all cache groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prepend the given path .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  prepend   pulls
truth:  prepend   null

test:  redirect to add an email .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restore a ccx to a previous usage .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   weblate
truth:  restore   references

test:  ishow all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  checks if variable is a shared variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  check   transliterate
truth:  check   variable

test:  suggest column names on table names and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  returns true if sgemv needs to be handled .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns useful integer representing the mpf that given an mpf .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this method colorizes a method of the top defaults to a specific logging .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  solves the solicitation version of a bup .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  remove   stores
truth:  remove   name

test:  ask for menu items .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  generate   preselected
truth:  generate   choice

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   reorders
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  clean up the datastore stub .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  like :func:dumps but return the graphical key .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  select   clones
truth:  select   server

test:  generate the text for a particular profile access to the user and creates a dictionary of text objects .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  responds   simulating
truth:  responds   input

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  load the scotvote data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  test that the output maps to skipped calls .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  converts an xml file into a proxy .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  converts   belong
truth:  converts   hook

test:  copies a file at path into a list of source files .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  set the errout .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  execute queries against a mime-type .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  test __getitem__ __getitem__ .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  pull out a list of shape from a list of kinds .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  pulls   sympy
truth:  pulls   slice

test:  the pricing module .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  training controller - used for searching for participants .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   touch
truth:  training   controller

test:  decode a string into a list of bytes .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  chops   pulls
truth:  chops   null

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  scan a postfix submission line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  test for get word from c++ file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  test tight_layout .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  tests   thinks
truth:  tests   issue

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  enable the named container cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  used to mark a validator method as a policy .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  extract all other containers from a dictionary .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  turn   currents
truth:  turn   state

test:  label clicked on label .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  select   go
truth:  select   channels

test:  this function expects a web browser .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  given a string for a arrow .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  transform a string into a python expression .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  string   padded
truth:  string   evaluation

test:  clear out all patches in the cache .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   sleep
truth:  clear   files

test:  normalize the image name .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  iterate the function through a sequence of objects .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  apply   overlay
truth:  apply   func

test:  return the path for a disk image .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns the predictable representation of a function .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  attempts   guessing
truth:  attempts   namespace

test:  return and b for a and b .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a decorator that converts a function into a single python object .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  wrap   filters
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for filterform .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write a component signal to a file .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   msg
truth:  write   component

test:  parse the summary of a article to display it .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test freezing an editable script .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return number of events in seconds .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  shift   rescales
truth:  shift   event

test:  model model definition with an instance .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  generate symbol for routines .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  capture a folder by sending it to the register trackers .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  pretty-print the current alternate object .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  used   compresses
truth:  used   statement

test:  change the effective group and group id from a group of user/group .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   theorem
truth:  change   privileges

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  converts a numeric boolean string into a bool .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  run all the benchmarks .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  adds a list of two-tuples to the search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  removes   revoke
truth:  removes   collections

test:  decode a string into a list of number where the alphabet belongs to use for encoding .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   ayoung
truth:  decode   base

test:  clear the cached package with each errors .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  returns the distribution position for the given module .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  return   pivoted
truth:  return   place

test:  returns a list of change titles .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   aristas
truth:  return   titles

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get a the policy for a role name .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  checks if a newer version is available for the github workflow .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  check   bandstop
truth:  check   release

test:  returns a version of idle .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  attempts to get the certificate signed by google cloud storage .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a new string from a list of role objects .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  preprocessing   teardown
truth:  preprocessing   type

test:  create a symlink at path .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  a generator that iterates items from a tree .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  test whether distances can accept the correct reader .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  unregister a previously registered review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   entries
truth:  unregister   review

test:  inspect the locale for an image .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the given attachment specs .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  loads all the lexers or module to a lexer .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  load   unlocks
truth:  load   lexer

test:  parse options from the command line .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  recursively translate the given clauseelement .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  translate   replace
truth:  translate   create

test:  delete a bucket from s3 .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  function   mixing
truth:  function   cleanup

test:  confirm that a question is valid .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  parse an integer .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   files
truth:  convert   check

test:  accepts a datetime object and a timezone name .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   support
truth:  accepts   time

test:  set an alert to the lamp .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  decorator to override a time object .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  returns a nested weak key from a pair of values .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  calculate   listen
truth:  calculate   key

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  return the number of dbref from a particular dbref or string .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  does node contain a sympy expression .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  evaluates   binhexed
truth:  evaluates   tests

test:  test whether gpu is a function with gpu 0 .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  test   lift
truth:  test   behaviour

test:  this make sure that the user executing into an executable .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  checks   retrive
truth:  checks   checks

test:  randomly choose the input vector values for the given vector .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  corrupts   smooth
truth:  corrupts   vector

test:  generate old statements for a single path .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  get the info in a gmails folder note: this implementation is called and merging the value for a container .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   differentiate
truth:  get   accounts

test:  decorator that checks a function or method as a known argument .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the latest version of the named image .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  trigger background events in jobs .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   challengenes
truth:  trigger   hooks

test:  add a contributor document to a document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   failed
truth:  add   contributor

test:  require that given module .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  save   deflate
truth:  save   config

test:  convert bytes in bytes format to a number .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  runs a dummy gateway .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  run   rect
truth:  run   work

test:  latency -> t_total return a push socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  echo   prioritized
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrapper for hub page titles .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  return the latest downloadable changeset revision for the received repository defined in its changeset changelog .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  convert unicode to unicode .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  example: when i run "behave .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  construct an xml string from a stream .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  test column and replace derivatives with 10 and column .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  replace   mutate
truth:  replace   column

test:  takes a goal year and returns it as year .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  returns   reencrypt
truth:  returns   start

test:  helper method for the response .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  steps that match groups takes named --scenarios and steps as steps .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  converts expr to a string representation of unicode .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   express
truth:  renames   -

test:  return the version string for an instance of the tag containing rpm version below the interpreter of the process containing containing the pre-release .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  parse   extract
truth:  parse   version

test:  function which very short callback to add to the test .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  read forward forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   ignores
truth:  read   meg

test:  test the inverse of the english greeting after .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  representing the contents of a given host:port and port .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  parse   receives
truth:  parse   port

test:  create an access token for use with the act token .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  access   emit
truth:  access   access

test:  write the name of the group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  return a list of the baremetal servers that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  select a directory if it is a list of paths .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  restful crud controller for resource .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if f(x) can be safely safely for target to work .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  run a command and get the output as a remote default .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   allocate
truth:  run   user

test:  this method is used to load a valid plugin .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  computes the l2 l2 norm of f .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  projects   reported
truth:  projects   function

test:  validate whether the given string is an ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  get absolute area of a vector3 loop .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   clamp
truth:  get   area

test:  check if the tool is a userland .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  sets the unittest option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   translates
truth:  sets   flags

test:  decorator to make sure that an api is available or not .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  sort and return a youngs according to the given parameters u : str the key .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  removes elements of a tree .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  given   increase
truth:  given   nodes

test:  load the shape spec for the shape file .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  give   overwrites
truth:  give   shape

test:  return matching the arguments passed to the argspec object .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue in the queue in them .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   pulls
truth:  pop   null

test:  creates and returns a initialized input .
truth: input data . 
test:  input   restoring
truth:  input   data

test:  validates that an arguments are valid and keyword arguments only if the arguments keyword parameters .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  test installing from a non-editable from a local non-editable directory with symlinks .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  helper for searching the gpg functions for creating a single gpg or a shared variable .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   absorb
truth:  return   gpg

test:  wrapper around iternext .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  create and return a list of workers for all lines in the given directory .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  format   sleep
truth:  format   files

test:  a simple login protected view .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  return an object to be used for rest serialization .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  serializes   enhanced
truth:  serializes   object

test:  cpu is potential implementation of the entez system .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  pulls   humanized
truth:  pulls   energy

test:  convert the chain object v to a string .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  return a tuple containing the minimum manor file path .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  returns   restart
truth:  returns   account

test:  grab a lock lock and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   constructs
truth:  grab   lock

test:  extract only items from assigned to the xml .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a sequence of sub arrays .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   extract
truth:  prints   version

test:  decorator for wrapping subtest .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  used   mixing
truth:  used   cleanup

test:  registers an :class: .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  force x to a list .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  get   overriding
truth:  get   dimension

test:  aux function .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  serialize   pushing
truth:  serialize   model

test:  should be called from the default theme configuration .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  remove the logged-in manager .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  pulls   shutdown
truth:  pulls   tables

test:  check if a vm exists .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  query   hostname
truth:  query   vm

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  this function is a backwards compatibility function for a ffn version of the value .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  unary_expression : sizeof unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the list of known errors in the system .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   ssl
truth:  returns   errors

test:  creates a temporary file extension .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  get a boolean to the appropriate get state of the running system cli example: .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  determines   grouping
truth:  determines   system

test:  set data in clipboard data .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  set   filter_template
truth:  set   clipboard

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  check that slug is a list .
truth: check slug . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  escape the first occurrece of the search .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns project object based on project .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  assumes that a migration has changed from the volume .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  merges a set of parts into a single string .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  given   bench
truth:  given   value

test:  construct the addparentstofks .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  calculate the last modified date of a traffic .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  guess   pulls
truth:  guess   null

test:  return the getconn (q) for the given object .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  tear down a module .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  create a new axes axes that is passed to the increasing .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  makes   applied
truth:  makes   trace

test:  get full version from version_info server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  set the android context where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  return events to default events .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  measure of the asymmetry of the probability distribution positive skew indicates that most of the values lie to the right of the mean skewness(x) = e( ((x - e(x))/sigma)**3 )
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  parse an global string .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  compute the filter in reverse .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  mean   forget
truth:  mean   inverse

test:  return info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  show   mix
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parses a version string into a tuple of .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parses   address
truth:  parses   sqlalchemy

test:  check all entrance exam problems to make sure that all of rescoring are met .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  grabs   unmap
truth:  grabs   descriptors

test:  for activations .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  returns dictionary of setter that are comming from the given object .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a complex with a vector3 .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the properties of the sparse variable field .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  if the string is a binary array .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  checking   tracked
truth:  checking   s

test:  corner the harris and variance image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   install
truth:  compute   response

test:  returns a class from an event list of show objects which contain the requested repr .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  get   crack
truth:  get   _

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   restrict
truth:  prewitt   array

test:  makes the specified query for all mac .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  add a medias loop .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   moving
truth:  add   broadcast

test:  retrieve the standard python file for a list of standard directories .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  url   paging
truth:  url   interface

test:  view designed for servicerecord revisions of a revision .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  returns true if the given ip is running .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  given   receives
truth:  given   port

test:  add an ip address to the list of hosts file .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   preloading
truth:  add   host

test:  test relative requirements file to url .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  itemfield view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  build an dry email from the target .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  copied   alteratives
truth:  copied   website

test:  the addoncategory command .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  replace   emitting
truth:  replace   character

test:  load scores from a .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  ordinals ordinals windows .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  win   pulls
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   gzip
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder hash of input .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  show commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  print   compressing
truth:  print   menu

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   cast
truth:  commits   transaction

test:  check to see that library name is installed .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  specify   excluded
truth:  specify   party

test:  return the most recent character .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  set   skipping
truth:  set   score

test:  a fixture providing a test topic in locked forum .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  locked   stops
truth:  locked   topic

test:  return a list of file extensions for all .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  get   hydrate
truth:  get   core

test:  simple function to return the first color document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  disassociate all qos specs from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  get the function to use a custom aggregate .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  this is used to mark a python type for imp .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  remove the given html with any quotes .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  yaml: maven this plugin allows you to define "weight" on each build pages .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  modified   access
truth:  modified   url

test:  restores the current plugin configs from the configuration .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  create a script expression from a string expression .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  return a byte-string encoded string representation of a python string .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  test rl_forward_word on text .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  check   flattens
truth:  check   output

test:  a test to assert that x is turned called from the python code for the given packet .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  parameters obj - the object to be a non string .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  initializer : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   escapes
truth:  compute   student

test:  modify the zfs frequency .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 2-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  determine whether the given signature is invalid .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of different values of the r normplot .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  compute   collate
truth:  compute   box

test:  adds the numa fit to the instance of a given instance .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  fit   impute
truth:  fit   topology

test:  test that context manager works as expected .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  if i run a wildcard wildcard file .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  passing   uppercase
truth:  passing   harvest

test:  2-d implementation of scipy .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  validates that the host mapping file matches the provided host .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  validate   presents
truth:  validate   mapping

test:  get gives gives gives an flipped header for the specified language .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  pulls   equate
truth:  pulls   browser

test:  compare two sequences: values of coordinates .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   eliminates
truth:  compare   elements

test:  helper method to create a url for fetching .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  just check if a given tree has a valid flow .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a hook which is saved to the path of the given model .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  clobber   constrain
truth:  clobber   attribute

test:  classify the given wildcard distance between the first two diag .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  classify   safe_octal
truth:  classify   class

test:  computes the energy of a number field as a square integer .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  restore ext2 table names from an existing table .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  modifies   step
truth:  modifies   names

test:  return list of font files for all the font directories in a path .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  create a new bookmark .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  create   reallocation
truth:  create   collection

test:  include histogram summary of a variable .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  attach   height
truth:  attach   lot

test:  helper function compiles a possessive matrix from a list of virtualnics .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  copy   localize
truth:  copy   reference

test:  creates the extension for the given trigger .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  send a recliststore .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  mock   authorizes
truth:  mock   command

test:  returns true if the list is a single list .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the text of the elide elide .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  update default configuration options for oslo .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  update   forbid
truth:  update   options

test:  ensure that the things: is present in the system .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  choose   uncheck
truth:  choose   element

test:  ensure that the parent directory ends in a valueerror .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  files   sleep
truth:  files   files

test:  zip ony message route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  format   astring
truth:  format   route

test:  returns logger information for open the given logger .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   search
truth:  command   d

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  decorator for converts a function argument to a kwarg function .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make a model link from a model generically .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  construct   reported
truth:  construct   function

test:  compute the bipartite factorization of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  fill an inset gcode file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  fill   labeled
truth:  fill   file

test:  get the configuration directory .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the user_obj of the first line with the given n .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   flattens
truth:  asserts   output

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  split and extract edges from graph .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns the left of a list of characters .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  create a snapshot of body body .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   expect
truth:  create   body

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   base64
truth:  construct   ring

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  set the useragent for the current thread .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  set   reading
truth:  set   agent

test:  check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  dummy function for resource .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  hook   teardown
truth:  hook   type

test:  sets the value in a given generating leaf using the given expression .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  split   array
truth:  split   computation

test:  cloexec password handler for performing a user .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  create a override function for a timeout or a timeout .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  override   statsd
truth:  override   timeout

test:  bump cache for product in case shop is not bumped all the shop products for the product is bumped .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  bump   eliminating
truth:  bump   cache

test:  caching cache of n/2 .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  caching   pulls
truth:  caching   null

test:  return a list of traffic server configuration files .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  finds value from the probable probable response .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  encode the given tag and returns the bytes .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  try to find a file from sys .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  remove generated environment definitions from the directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  constructs a list of acl string that pointed to a sparse list of acl .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  represent   shutdown
truth:  represent   tables

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   whiteboard
truth:  encode   payload

test:  return a list of resource identifiers .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   bans
truth:  return   resources

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  returns the description of a pull request .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return val .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  scale   bench
truth:  scale   value

test:  yaml: rvm start a yaml: rvm for rvm .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   accept
truth:  pulls   env

test:  get the surface constraint that are inside a source .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  pulls   carves
truth:  pulls   constraint

test:  wraps the application .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  adds   grant
truth:  adds   power

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  changes the virtual machine of a vm from the cloud machine .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  subscribe or disable mailchimp on the given user .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  determine if a file is a valid image file .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  group items by backend .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  start an ajax for the given user .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  :nth-last-of-type() -> connection .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the instructor for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns either the user or invoice for the given course .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  gets   serializes
truth:  gets   preferences

test:  save the multivaluedicts config file .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  convert   freezing
truth:  convert   configuration

test:  returns the mulrowcol .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  multiplies   highlight
truth:  multiplies   row

test:  the exception handler for all the exception subclass .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  base   unbinds
truth:  base   exceptions

test:  converts a scalar scalar to a timedelta object .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  convert   adds
truth:  convert   r

test:  test a string with polish diacritical slugify .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  true if remote periodical is a periodical .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  detect   enhanced
truth:  detect   object

test:  require an arch linux package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  split a line of items into status .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  files   point
truth:  files   status

test:  get the skeinforge plugins directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create trial client for all collection in trial .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  return the given uri with the given uri and an argument uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  generate a connected component of the graph .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  returns all templates dirs for directory .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   pulls
truth:  command   null

test:  sample from a probability distribution .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   optimize
truth:  retrieve   quotas

test:  convert a json dictionary to a list of dicts .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  function   puts
truth:  function   canvas

test:  the kullback-leibler divergence_ loss .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_photo service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  check that an migration to an poll job using a dcos_launchpad part .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  pulls   basestring
truth:  pulls   migration

test:  get a logger for the given logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add site queue to the proper site email .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  add   equalize
truth:  add   email

test:  returns an interval of standard interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  pulls   demos
truth:  pulls   scan

test:  remove a handler reference from a dict .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  centers the input array so that the exponent of the circular axis is never encoded .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  decorator used to return the retrying object .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  returns a turan graph of nodes in lcf .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   config
truth:  return   patterns

test:  read file and return as a string .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  convergence location credentials are missing from swift .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   expose
truth:  migrate   credentials

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  add   base64
truth:  add   ring

test:  add a pool to a pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  check whether the workers in the worker has been invalidated .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  check   resulting
truth:  check   workers

test:  check if the given marketing link is any any of the marketing link in the list .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  yields the description for a series of files .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  tokenize   shared
truth:  tokenize   string

test:  a separate version of :func:textwrap .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  get hourly traffic for an campaigns .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test major dots with a major label dots .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   stop
truth:  test   dots

test:  callback for events / add event .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  pulls   toggle
truth:  pulls   infinite

test:  ensure vm is running on the local machine .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  starts   jitter
truth:  starts   guest

test:  returns a vdi reference from the requested clone .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  generic function to raise a warning error message and raise an exception with the given error message .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  helper for storing html .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  transform   autoencoder
truth:  transform   xml

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  test disarmed slugify with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  pulls   server_root
truth:  pulls   opts

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  to retrieve and the user has to .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  obtain   occurring
truth:  obtain   authorization

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optiongroup parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   rising
truth:  return   group

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   stores
truth:  update   name

test:  auto command line options and run the functions .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  set the size of the current device .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  assign an instance to the dynamic model .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  buildinfo resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   computing
truth:  test   initialisation

test:  tests whether position can be tried as an angle of location .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  test that the returncode system supports no file works .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  guess the pathname for prior to output_path .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  marks a function as being exempt from the given view .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  make   built
truth:  make   maintenance

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   collects
truth:  returns   count

test:  returns a group message .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   enumerator_list
truth:  returns   confirmation

test:  decorator for methods that are bench compilation and cleans the bench .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  returns the list of courseware names of the courseware .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  convert a id_3 string to lux .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  perform the resolvers service on a local system .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  provides   trivial
truth:  provides   connection

test:  verifies that a directory does not exist .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   crop
truth:  verifies   directory

test:  check if a specified service is available cli example: .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  get the evaluated value as a string .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return an understandable error from jinja error output .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  check if os .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  helper function to apply to sphere .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  convert   divides
truth:  convert   matrices

test:  given a tuple of host and an components .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  run a process and return its modification .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   publish
truth:  save   graph

test:  return the uptime from ]hours .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  removes link in text from a unicode string .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  save a list of image .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   bench
truth:  save   value

test:  test purging user using user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  get a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   archive
truth:  format   member

test:  generate a unique random key for current table/chain .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generates   enhanced
truth:  generates   object

test:  read named ranges from mismatched .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   overwriting
truth:  read   ranges

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns the latest release of the git tag .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  completely removes the certificate of a specified app .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  removes   optimized
truth:  removes   script

test:  lookup a command based on its value .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  get vector3 from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  the query returns a list of tuples .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  pad   eliminates
truth:  pad   elements

test:  resolve an entry to a mandatory dict .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  resolve   instantiate
truth:  resolve   arguments

test:  only work on moduleonlyworksonmac .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  require an addons reviewer reviewer .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   local_rvs
truth:  require   addons

test:  convert from fontsize .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   reserializes
truth:  run   widget

test:  sets a decorator used to set the http request extra options for the application .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  aggregated controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a list of groups from the system .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   listen
truth:  constructs   key

test:  run the feed tests .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  shared   pulls
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  read from xml .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  a function used to check if the current node is an instance of a parent .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  search   reported
truth:  search   function

test:  verifies that the action is valid .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  prompt   pick
truth:  prompt   callback

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  a decorator that adds a single method to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_method def <newmethod>: pass .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the system ports .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  finds   step
truth:  finds   names

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add a plugins plugin menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  returns an objects for a given object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  read a generator at a time .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  generate   packed
truth:  generate   chunks

test:  get the necessary packages in the system .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  create eeg average for a file .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  rotate a polygon in a polygon .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  given   logs
truth:  given   vertices

test:  determine host or minimum configuration that can be used to query from api .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  determine   negate
truth:  determine   resource

test:  match the given python key in the given string .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  extract   enhance
truth:  extract   items

test:  return the line number of the given state by state .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  given   stacks
truth:  given   states

test:  unserialize raw post processor data in urlencoded processor .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  accept   express
truth:  accept   -

test:  parses an api query string in the form headers .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given an payment instance .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  get   svn
truth:  get   dicts

test:  transform a numpy array into a numpy array with the same set by the storage orthogonal numpy array .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transform   attributes
truth:  transform   arrays

test:  generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  enable the size of the entity cache .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enable   eliminating
truth:  enable   cache

test:  helper method to infer a password from the appropriate buffer if the appropriate layout is a string .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  infer   pulls
truth:  infer   null

test:  set the value of a cluster prop name of the file containing the cib .
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  task that sends an email for verifying emails .
truth: keep user . 
test:  keep   allocate
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a method that looks like [["user" .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return size of security_monkey .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  get information about an elb policy .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  create a network object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  retrieve the options for a specific dict .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   solve
truth:  return   settings

test:  for enforces .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  find the current library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  tries   wheather
truth:  tries   library

test:  and it does upgrade if there is an old package .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  convert fs path to file system path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  calculate and save the support forum support .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  return supported language code for a language code .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  return   iuploader
truth:  return   lookup

test:  set up the requested world air quality index locations .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  write all commands to a given tagging status .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  check if text is a valid python liberal .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps api calls to ensure filters out of http api calls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  wraps   dispatched
truth:  wraps   calls

test:  create the octal file name from the epoch .
truth: using os . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  generate   teardown
truth:  generate   type

test:  validate a flow sender .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  ensure   requesting
truth:  ensure   i

test:  chinese remainder theorem .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  sets an nginx device .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  returns the storage filename .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  filters the given expression or regular expression seqs .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  filters   lstrip
truth:  filters   set

test:  convert the db representation of this score to a json score .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  callable to test driver .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  pulls   testsuites
truth:  pulls   keyword

test:  mimics all the modules in the given dir .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  return   init
truth:  return   modules

test:  destroy the floating ips from a list of floating ips .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   height
truth:  destroy   lot

test:  take a list of lists and adds lists to a new instance .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  index   switch
truth:  index   list

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  wraps   base64encodes
truth:  wraps   djangos

test:  return a list of targets that occur in any other lagged .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  forces a node to be given as a string .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  an iterable of strings that serve the given filename .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  build   expect
truth:  build   body

test:  returns true if discussions are enabled; for the wiki wiki .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  convert an absolute path to a relative path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   tokenizing
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  return the latest downloadable data for a specified repository .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns an element of the element which is nested by the tree or list_type .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for options .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get a migration of instance and create an instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  performs a log-likelihood checking if a character is prime .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  all elements in sequence are *true* in one list .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  converts a randomly .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a human readable encoding source .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  determine   unifies
truth:  determine   encoding

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  decodes a rrq wrq .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  fit dask array in a dask .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  calculate the quantize for a sequence of 7; .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  returns a list of message names into a user .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  uses   switch
truth:  uses   list

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   attach
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a list of child link .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   retuned
truth:  link   revisions

test:  check if two strings are identical .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  gets the budget_bundle_kit status for a nvp port .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  extract the total number of seconds from a timedelta object in a way that is before a way .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  resource endpoint handler .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   lets
truth:  endpoint   handler

test:  checks whether a function is a valid python function .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create a new container .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  list pending entries that are pending entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  converts any new version of the container .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  handles   whiteboard
truth:  handles   payload

test:  return the message and status code of the given message .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  rfc   pulls
truth:  rfc   null

test:  checks to see if the specific apache mod is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  remove duplicate values from block_device_mapping table .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  returns element in predicate .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  returns true if given technique is detected .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  cross-platform version of os .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  combines   flip
truth:  combines   python

test:  return only rule" and end of a course .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  convert   compose
truth:  convert   usage

test:  square polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   calculate
truth:  confine   windows

test:  expands a tornado ioloop .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  a decorator that validates a function and get the resulting set of values .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  adds   located
truth:  adds   method

test:  open all or specified cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  return information about the named container name container path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  returns   satisfy
truth:  returns   container

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   truncate
truth:  creates   savepoint

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  this is a pickleable method used to interact a pem file .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  manage   bartels
truth:  manage   contents

test:  returns true if g is strongly regular graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  takes zero against multiple bits and returns terms .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  install packages using easy_install .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  converts an instance to a dictionary .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  given   mounts
truth:  given   objects

test:  low-level implementation of fn polynomials .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  returns a list of related models for all related models for the given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  return the task usage as a tuple containing the task .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  return the login class of the given activities .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  mark   generate
truth:  mark   users

test:  this should work with a local value .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  converts a topology and a topology topology into the topology object .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  extract   impute
truth:  extract   topology

test:  validate and convert id to datetime object .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  returns the first element of the array and last element in data .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  determine if a rule is an expression .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  return   unescapes
truth:  return   rule

test:  ensure that the given public key is absent .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  takes a draft item as a dictionary .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  cleans   widening
truth:  cleans   location

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  return timeline data for attendance .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  private method used to verify the users key is valid .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return a list of system associated with a given subcommand and not the cpu gpg .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  puts   pulls
truth:  puts   null

test:  returns a mysql search qs .
truth: return query string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  parse a cookie .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   modbus
truth:  parse   cookie

test:  create an the string .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  parse   authorizes
truth:  parse   command

test:  wait until an operation has completed .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  fires   pulls
truth:  fires   null

test:  prints out the given course .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  prints   catch
truth:  prints   course

test:  takes a successful file and handles the output file .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when one of the feature lines of the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   imposes
truth:  subtract   f

test:  turns on the quota system cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   grouping
truth:  turns   system

test:  do the color for float .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  maps   simplifying
truth:  maps   range

test:  removes a property from the zone .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  clear   start
truth:  clear   zone

test:  get the inset points inside the points .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   arrays
truth:  get   half

test:  get the current application from the what the user is currently running .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  forces a node to a mandatory or a string .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an affine image back into the given image .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  pulls   unignores
truth:  pulls   patches

test:  return the noop node for the given line .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   incoming
truth:  return   op

test:  internal method to create an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  pulls   includes
truth:  pulls   entrance

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  context manager to open a temporary file that launches the file inside a repository .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   dimension
truth:  disable   serializers

test:  compute connectivity for a but for the given network code .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  get a list of tests that contain python tests .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   binhexed
truth:  find   tests

test:  private method check if a value exists in the current platform .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  returns the euclidean dot product of the angle between vectors v and v .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  given a list of integers .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  pulls   choice
truth:  pulls   formats

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   building
truth:  get   tag

test:  list the elements of the object .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get the preface file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   del
truth:  get   gcode

test:  returns the path to a yaml credentials yaml file .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  destroy oauth tokens .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  destroys   emit
truth:  destroys   access

test:  return translation matrix .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  returns the api info from the flickr .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  get   pair
truth:  get   photo

test:  instantiate a pandas event descriptor .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  instantiate   backup
truth:  instantiate   properties

test:  queues an email .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   terminates
truth:  queues   opt

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank using random sampling .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  jaccard similarity of two jaccard similarity .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  given an http url with authentication .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  given   format_alignment
truth:  given   authentication

test:  validates that the name is a valid comment name .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  put an email to localhost on a pull account .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  runs   prettify
truth:  runs   process

test:  decides whether a particular node is a valid matcher .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  turns   pulls
truth:  turns   null

test:  train a single model on the tuple of information about the autoencoder .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wrapper for inserting a uniform extension into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  compute   switch
truth:  compute   list

test:  return an instance of an clientexception response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  generates standard normal pdf of the normal distribution .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an uninitialized type .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  returns true if the given object has a device memory memory .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  computes the plot line from a flat array .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  configures   sparks
truth:  configures   number

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  return an instance of memory .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  is user allowed to change owner or group of article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  get pci device by addr or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  update the agents .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  modify   reading
truth:  modify   agent

test:  return the middle method to be sent to insure .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is missing .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  better the application with main .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  uses the hook function to merge the full url and display it .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  attempt   trace
truth:  attempt   merge

test:  build an admin url for the given server_url .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  parse short group groups for tuples .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  indicates indicates indicates which is used with threadserializer and without having method .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  return a dictionary of users in user .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  return   display
truth:  return   print

test:  checks if the given host is on the given host and get the match to occurrences .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  fixture to get a headerchecker user .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  given a doc .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  calls   mount
truth:  calls   task

test:  traverse a list of tuples .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  replaces the existing mongo wrapper around the class .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random non-empty data for interacting with noisy features .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  create   restoring
truth:  create   data

test:  instantiate the named file .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  wrap   extracts
truth:  wrap   socket

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  catch the celery settings .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  rescale an image scale to a file .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  deprecated   port
truth:  deprecated   helper

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  write out the data to a file .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  get the calendar object for this calendar .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  convert   ignored
truth:  convert   google

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  wrapper for inserting a file to a sequenceexample filename .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  build   embedded
truth:  build   example

test:  parameters n : array .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pulls   chisquare
truth:  pulls   tuples

test:  merges multiple errors .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  merge   ssl
truth:  merge   errors

test:  find a near matrix that is consistent with zero values .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  decorator to bind a row method to a given row .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns the hashable node in the expression .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the tuple of data .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  validate the min score to make sure that the message is in the message and to be between -1 .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validates   skipping
truth:  validates   score

test:  compare two objects .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   igor
truth:  validate   device

test:  change cartesian stats from normal mean .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  start a response in a seconds .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  the sigmoid function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns more info for a log or 2 .
truth: adds site . 
test:  adds   handles
truth:  adds   site

test:  helper to compute a r-style axes for a region of points .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  convert an integer to the nearest second into a base 85 .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  encodes   linkify
truth:  encodes   integer

test:  returns the availability seeds .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  returns   predefined
truth:  returns   rating

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   unpublicizes
truth:  returns   description

test:  convert a pages to a list of the pages .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  convert   saves
truth:  convert   links

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  install the epoll() image and installs it into the proper state .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  return netstat routing information for volumes mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a list of all the page classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  yield   shortens
truth:  yield   classes

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   simplifying
truth:  carves   range

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  context manager that changes the a fakewebtab profile .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   debug
truth:  context   profiling

test:  copies source to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   representing
truth:  copies   specification

test:  returns a short platform for the tap platform .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  makes a filesystem where search-related is valid .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  set auth and basic auth for session .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  set   hashing
truth:  set   cherrypy

test:  merge the arguments into a list of space-separated .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  check for arguments after the arguments are deprecated .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  process   instantiate
truth:  process   arguments

test:  discover can load a module from an absolute path .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  discover   pulls
truth:  discover   null

test:  skip decorator for tests that require functional hash hash .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   binhexed
truth:  skip   tests

test:  return the best header for the given wsgi header or raises an exception if there is no comment header .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  test the upgrade sets the child state when the given process fails .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  get a cleaned up signal .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  compare two values .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  adds an existing public key to an existing public keys .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  install a given resource from the site_query .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  create   orders
truth:  create   alias

test:  we get here from the course .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  decode a file from the given path .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  mimic python 2 .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  define a ipython filename .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  retrieve a full pack base path for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  converts a string to unicode .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  test max values .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  an app returns true if the given port number is returns a number .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  returns a string as currency according to locale settings .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  format   bench
truth:  format   value

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the username of the given signal to remove user the name of the user to remove user the user user the volume
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  validate whether input is a k-sample .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  read and return the contents of a file in a single file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  called when the user is logged in .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  decorator to mark a method to be a method or method as an eval context callable .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  get the file name of the python file .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  helper function to return the expires certificate in the user environment .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  print message immediately .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  calculates the hermite interpolation for the bins of the input array .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a rdbms class for a rdbms type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  extract a dictionary of values from a key/value dictionary of path .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  navigate   restoring
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns a dict with keys specified as contact attributes .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  helper method for creating the first depth of the given list of area into a list of area .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  find   abbreviate
truth:  find   rectangle

test:  delete an image from a header hexadecimal file .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  version number or more version list .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  remove   poll
truth:  remove   versions

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  test the default pcap .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  check if actver is greater than the correct version .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert an array of bytes values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  backwards compatibility wrapper around [-pi .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  map polynomials over a ring in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  exclude the content of a directory .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  filter   unescaped
truth:  filter   entries

test:  given a vpc id and id or id .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  checks if all open threads have previous threads .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   resolved
truth:  fetches   threads

test:  tests that overriding a metaclass and a metaclass inherits from the metaclass .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator to add a name to an action .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  get the name of the __init__ process .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  creates a catalog by name from the catalog metadata .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  like check_output but for queues .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  run   allows
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  cluster robust covariance matrix for group parameters results : result of time series with covariance clusters matrix returns contr : bool if true .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  return true if mode is from a character special device file .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  searches the string for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  return a redirect to a email or shuts .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restful controller for hr types .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  helper method to warn state execution .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  return a list of text dictionaries for the admin .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  turn   generate
truth:  turn   users

test:  spartist <album> -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  pulls   visualize
truth:  pulls   artist

test:  the immediate chain of a vdi .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  yield   uncheck
truth:  yield   element

test:  return a list of tracked from the git .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  creates a property property that matches the given uuids case .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   were
truth:  makes   property

test:  send an update email .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  build an egg into a link .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  build   stripped
truth:  build   egg

test:  returns the group id for the given user and commentable .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  given   preload
truth:  given   content

test:  returns prioritized port .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  run a cluster using the search topic .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  match   pass
truth:  match   document

test:  if a user is available .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return true if the file matches the given filename .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  construct a single host .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   crack
truth:  called   _

test:  same as a older b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  invert a given array into a vector .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  finds   forget
truth:  finds   inverse

test:  finder a page with ~ urls for .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  return a list of the names of all roles and the roles that are described in the given group .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   serves
truth:  return   roles

test:  chown a group id .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  ensure   history

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  pulls   compose
truth:  pulls   usage

test:  to be an image and takes an 3-d 3-d data .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  take   paging
truth:  take   interface

test:  maximum of up-to-date concurrency .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   saving
truth:  enable   feature

test:  format a python signature .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  convert a path to an addon script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  fill markdown text .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  writes   setuptools
truth:  writes   notebook

test:  performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   input_fft_v
truth:  performs   normalization

test:  this is an old argument which returns a geometry object .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  set the tag release .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  tag   bandstop
truth:  tag   release

test:  return the absolute path for a path p .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  creates a new dataset on a dataset_id .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  creates   registering
truth:  creates   views

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  create a sequence of available indexes .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  checks if the request was associated with the current site .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  create a list from a single sequence .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   switch
truth:  converts   list

test:  test that the table can be set correctly .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  test   mutate
truth:  test   column

test:  get a string representation of an object .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  a decorator for handling methods .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the webapp returns a /questions/2532053/validate-a-hostname-string#answer-2532344 .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  return   specifies
truth:  return   methods

test:  builds a dictionary of subs with a pair of type subs .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  substitute   homebrew_packages
truth:  substitute   structure

test:  an http event .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  noop   pulls
truth:  noop   null

test:  compile the construct construct construct a list of arguments .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  takes   force
truth:  takes   kwargs

test:  log past debug handlers according to the log .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  configure   embed
truth:  configure   logging

test:  get interpret plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  helper function for getfilesforname() parameter .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  function   skipped
truth:  function   use

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts selective pattern .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  apply the vagrant monitor .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  unpause when a file has all left .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  scheduled   pulls
truth:  scheduled   null

test:  parse a c text file and return a tuple of numbers .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  returns a coefficient matrix to create a spacing matrix .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  try to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  a decorator for methods that single bit and applies to an account .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  use   provide
truth:  use   provider

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  *keys* description of a ansi amount of parse() .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   pulls
truth:  prepare   null

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  check if the given url is a valid html header .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  returns an integer name for a given field name .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  normalize a paragraph to display text with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   supports
truth:  normalize   text

test:  skip a command if it fails .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  skips   carry
truth:  skips   test

test:  flip the given fiducials .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  adjust   limiting
truth:  adjust   order

test:  list all libraries available to the logged in user .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   sanitize
truth:  list   libraries

test:  return a tuple representation of the first trace matrix .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  return server version from cmd cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  loads   autoencoder
truth:  loads   xml

test:  sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   trailing
truth:  sets   flag

test:  get all group access for a group type .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   emit
truth:  get   access

test:  equalize image data as a cumulative distribution .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   unplug
truth:  return   equalization

test:  sets a the cache key value for the specified time object .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  encodes a string into utf-8 encoded value .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  compresses   bench
truth:  compresses   value

test:  return a handle to the given date key for a digest .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  extract   recreate
truth:  extract   portion

test:  call this function first argument .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  return a dictionary of {field_index: } .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  parses   freezing
truth:  parses   configuration

test:  check if a volume is in the path .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  returns a humanized counts request for the specified issue .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initializes   flow
truth:  initializes   fields

test:  creates bit array out of a list of numbers .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   execute
truth:  convert   region

test:  return the last top variant of a given replacing .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  aggregate   associated
truth:  aggregate   listing

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  returns a tree representation of the given graph .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  main entry point .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   allowing
truth:  is   adapter

test:  assert that the comparison of the comparison are equal to the valid state of the comparison .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  pretty print the given branch .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  test   batched
truth:  test   guess

test:  check if a path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   aligns
truth:  get   volume

test:  copy a file or directory .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  context manager to temporarily disable nostderr output .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get all separate records .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  return the first 3: preview of latex actions .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  convert   move
truth:  convert   latex

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is the login url of the next url .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  gets all build for a given instance .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  test plotting of epochs .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  test   permutates
truth:  test   epochs

test:  return a filter that checks if a cg is cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  write the output file .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   alignment
truth:  write   section

test:  parses the timestamp from a string and returns a parsed tree .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   optimizes
truth:  roll   reservations

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  regression test for url .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  returns a list of running tasks for a given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  takes a list of tuples and returns the corresponding matrix .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  returns   throw
truth:  returns   x

test:  a decorator to format module function to one-line methods and not function .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  compute an direct dict of values from a dict .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  starts a python thread .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  configure   scaled
truth:  configure   queue

test:  a simple celery celery python ping .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the tuples to change .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate an salsa20 file descriptor by name .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  test if the po contains at least one cell .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  ensure   needed
truth:  ensure   fit

test:  return a dictionary with many contents as ids .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  serialize and puts data into the database .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given an object f .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dict mapping discussion_ids to their callback objects .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  wait until the javascript has been completed .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  using   reported
truth:  using   function

test:  truncate by days .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   gives
truth:  truncate   days

test:  get a polygon struct_declarator_list .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  convert a dict into a dictionary that maps keys into a dictionary .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats a tuple to pass it to tk .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   pulls
truth:  formats   null

test:  glue input .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  send an email to the initiator of a failed request .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  check that status_code name should be returned when cgi a null exception on } .
truth: if a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates a value in a positive integer or 0 if it is a positive zero or zero or zero .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  helper to warn direct microversion to raise a warning header that has been added in the context that require missing .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  log   eventlet
truth:  log   warning

test:  when a cohort is created .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  given a line of text game .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  calculates   downgrades
truth:  calculates   point

test:  looks up resource_data by key id and value .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  lookup   restoring
truth:  lookup   data

test:  get flipped paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  numpy site-packages assignment_expression .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  the musicbrainz interface and return a dict with the specified excview .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  pulls   raise
truth:  pulls   term

test:  create a blame-upstream .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  make   mutes
truth:  make   app

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  find primary keys .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  provides a passed in an entity .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  validates   preloading
truth:  validates   host

test:  test end to end test for command .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  fixture that provides a blob for tests .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  launch a tunner from a file .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  checks to see if a file exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  upload a file to the directory .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  uploads   suggest
truth:  uploads   folder

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  the client libraries associated with a zen-of-python key .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  encrypts   labeled
truth:  encrypts   file

test:  print a portion of an error code .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   emitting
truth:  print   character

test:  formats a time string as a relative eta .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  return the number of cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns if a function is free or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  converts list of statements for cron .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  converts   attribute
truth:  converts   statements

test:  add sparse bounded from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  return trimboth after trimming distribution from both tails .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  slices   pulls
truth:  slices   null

test:  apply a function to a simple random python function .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  a decorator that makes any *extlist* decorator for the memoize instance .
truth: create a property . 
test:  create   were
truth:  create   property

test:  do a registration .
truth: takes request . 
test:  takes   knapsack
truth:  takes   request

test:  a custom 404 handler so we can access a custom 404 error handler .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  renders the specified replacement for urlnode .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  load a session object from the file and return it .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  load   command
truth:  load   session

test:  dumps a paginator .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  copy data from a file .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  attempts   lambert
truth:  attempts   src

test:  decorates list of blacklisted files .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  try   bandstop
truth:  try   release

test:  returns true if the given file is a directory containing one known known .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  tests   labeled
truth:  tests   file

test:  called when the command is present in a list of zones .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  ensures   clip
truth:  ensures   record

test:  hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   labels
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses iso 8601 build .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   thrown
truth:  parses   standard

test:  return a cloud string for use as a cloud string .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  verify a verification signature .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  use   linked
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  compute the trimmed factorization for x and class .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  test the qutebrowser error message when the typical typical fails .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  find the best match for the given docstring .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  is   crowding
truth:  is   docstring

test:  quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   listed
truth:  pulls   constant

test:  this method takes an int and returns true if string can be converted to an int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert a c{root} matrix to a mesa matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  obtain the oauth dance for a twitter app and auth at which user can be sent and open token .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  calculates a date .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  get   force
truth:  get   kwargs

test:  copies a user from the specified root .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  transform a combined and migrated into the associated instance .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  move   pulls
truth:  move   null

test:  use the string for fileids words .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  pulls   entering
truth:  pulls   demonstration

test:  returns an url for the given context .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  lists all installed plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  lists   interpolated
truth:  lists   plugins

test:  only load if grafana is installed .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   carry
truth:  return   test

test:  remove the autotagging nested store it exists at some time of the repository log and depend tag .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  get a class that wraps a clsid this function allows a clsid to be used in a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  for final .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  expandtabs -> str resolve a single space into a string .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  make a compress of the first part of a list of dicts: .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates a new twisted runner for async indexing .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  get cached implementation .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  create the simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return an absolute path based on windows path prefix .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  scatter mcmc for gps the current axes .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  *pyc invalid error messages .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  deprecated   seconds
truth:  deprecated   editor

test:  parse a url string into a url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   fill
truth:  normalize   pathname

test:  find a metadata pointer for a certificate pointer .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  get the values of a specified row .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  attach a queryset of fan if each object has passed in .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   pulls
truth:  attach   null

test:  returns a dict of menu names for an instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  maps an condition expression to x .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  traverse the .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   flip
truth:  build   python

test:  a getattr that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  pulls   tail
truth:  pulls   getattr

test:  this is a helper function that takes the same result as the parent mti .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  serializing   mounts
truth:  serializing   objects

test:  returns the total seconds for a timedelta object .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  responds to pickled diagnostics .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe month :统计月份 ppiip :工业品出厂价格指数 money :国内生产总值同比增长(%) pi :第一产业增加值 pi_yoy:第一产业增加值同比增长(%) si :第二产业增加值 si_yoy :第二产业增加值同比增长(%) ti :第三产业增加值 ti_yoy :第三产业增加值同比增长(%) .
truth: return dataframe month :统计时间 m2 :货币和准货币（广义货币m2） m2_yoy:货币和准货币（广义货币m2）同比增长(%) m1:货币 m1_yoy:货币同比增长(%) m0:流通中现金 m0_yoy:流通中现金同比增长(%) cd:活期存款 cd_yoy:活期存款同比增长(%) qm:准货币 qm_yoy:准货币同比增长(%) ftd:定期存款 ftd_yoy:定期存款同比增长(%) sd:储蓄存款 sd_yoy:储蓄存款同比增长(%) rests:其他存款 rests_yoy:其他存款同比增长(%) . 
test:  return   masked
truth:  return   month

test:  create a special outstanding command stonith name of the stonith stonith name of the stonith for use cibfile instead of the stonith sorting authorized extra_args additional options for creating the
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   negate
truth:  create   resource

test:  list all of the files cached on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  plots a source image .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  show   switch
truth:  show   list

test:  method to get permalink id from content .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  get   msg
truth:  get   component

test:  create a task object .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  train a model and called it on the dummy machine .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  table with trailing spaces after the table spaces after the row has been automatically set .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  trailing   highlight
truth:  trailing   row

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a list of services that are disabled .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  ensure event is in the given event on the computenode name : string hostname of an event will be created .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   sampling
truth:  get   clock

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   enhanced
truth:  close   object

test:  used to check if the debug is present in the debug .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  get   created
truth:  get   mode

test:  if user is access to a beta descriptor .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  an hat rather than multiple outbox .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  return a dict with the data on the minion and kwargs kwargs for functions .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  check for a demand .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create a class with all roles and roles .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  modify   safe_octal
truth:  modify   class

test:  filter otu table by its axis .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  filter   bounds
truth:  filter   table

test:  gprs release section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  load the strikes data for a file .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  validate given project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  ensure   forgot
truth:  ensure   project

test:  change words to an api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  checks   extract
truth:  checks   version

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  return the installed version of dist_name .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  make sure the user can import errors .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  create a room .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  handles   escaped
truth:  handles   post

test:  univariate series inversion 1/p modulo o .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  multivariate   renders
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  return the sr specified by sr_ref .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  configure the ['ipmi on the local node .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   stores
truth:  request   name

test:  bracket a initializer that does the verbs represent the new .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   stores
truth:  create   name

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  eagerly evaluate works on eagerly .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  context manager to change the execer to a subprocess .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get a registered application id .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  returns   mixed
truth:  returns   engine

test:  uses the given token to obtain a token .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  token   pulls
truth:  token   null

test:  temporarily set the attr of a particular object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  check for linode configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  lists a command .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  test to ensure that hugs dictionary correctly allows inline type metadata .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  tests   exposes
truth:  tests   values

test:  check if the element is a valid list .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  verifies that get_readable_fileobj is signed or referer exists in the document .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  ensure   flattening
truth:  ensure   field

test:  return the folder name .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  decode base64 to base32 bit as per rfc4648 .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  check if list and lists have been verified in the mailchimp list .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return the ceph cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  given a single module label .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  import   switch
truth:  import   list

test:  returns a user has been updated with the given user .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  updates   support
truth:  updates   time

test:  scrub the device name from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   advance
truth:  scrub   title

test:  get a list of configured localizer languages .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  create a tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  merge the given destination setting into the database .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  detect terminal size and return tuple = .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  convert a decimal components to an rgb color string .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  multiplies   uncheck
truth:  multiplies   element

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   homebrew_packages
truth:  walks   structure

test:  check to see if a module is importable .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  run a command and return output .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  find the temporary elementtree .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  import   map
truth:  import   implementation

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  inject out the clip along an axis .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a flavor from instances system_metadata by prefix .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   tile
truth:  delete   information

test:  turn on messages into a single thread .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  remove   backported
truth:  remove   handlers

test:  expands the provided reqs file from the slaves .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  table with data and table: table: table: .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  read   bounds
truth:  read   table

test:  version of os .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load a template from a source file and returns a handle .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  loads   inspect
truth:  loads   eggs

test:  checks the value is an integer within range matches .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return a boolean indicating whether the gaussian mean is true .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  given a course_id and comment_id update this comment ajax only .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  updating   alignment
truth:  updating   section

test:  collect all doc and attributes from a ties .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   instantiate
truth:  collect   arguments

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   bring
truth:  create   page

test:  returns the data portion of a json token .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  pulls   decides
truth:  pulls   sha1

test:  adds a symbol to a given address .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  register a new logging .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  retrieve/query a user id and returns a response with .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  shutdown a node and the the traffic server on the local node .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shut   clones
truth:  shut   server

test:  escapes the given html .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   supports
truth:  escape   text

test:  set format and round trip through a format that format that precision is raised .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  set   been
truth:  set   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   alignment
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a command corresponding to the given source and type .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  do   consisting
truth:  do   link

test:  a contextmanager for tokenizing that overrides the given helpers .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  check out string for node {"name": subscriptions .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  return   l{twisted
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns the notification type for a particular user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  given   l{twisted
truth:  given   subscription

test:  return the temp directory for which packages cannot be created .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  format a block of indentation quoted strings into a block .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  copy cache storage object .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  load the data modechoice data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  reads a configuration from a lib .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the repr of the array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get hosts for the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load this module if on some app .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  work   rect
truth:  work   work

test:  default implementation of gis .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  this is the cli example: .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  calling   reported
truth:  calling   function

test:  returns proper proper group owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   chop
truth:  returns   owner

test:  separate the input string into a float .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  formats   account
truth:  formats   human

test:  unregister an e-mail hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   maintain
truth:  unregister   mail

test:  returns a list of field names .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  return a list of available instance sizes cli example: .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return a since plugin form .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   protected
truth:  create   urlconf

test:  function to mark a testtools .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  create keyring trees cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  measures a list where it is a valid cases for index .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  handles   increase
truth:  handles   nodes

test:  compute the post request immediately after the first param .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  calling   reassemble
truth:  calling   compute

test:  toggle the toggle .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  direct_declarator : declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  decorator for functions that handles the tokenizer signal and there are any subsection task on a subsection task .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  updates   targets
truth:  updates   grade

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  format help message as a interfaceaction version of a help document .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  pulls   xfail
truth:  pulls   help

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   understemmed
truth:  filters   results

test:  return update attributes of all simplified simplified that is a dict .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  registers a service to service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  calls this function allows you to return a url to be logged in a socket object .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   processing
truth:  pulls   urllib2

test:  get versions of available versions .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  get   tsv
truth:  get   components

test:  create a list of entries from the provided string .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  numlist : numlist | testlist_multi .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   algorithm
truth:  translate   points

test:  removes accents from a string .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  transform   deployed
truth:  transform   symbols

test:  add a ground domain over a constant in k[x] .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  roundrobin --> a d e b f c .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   search
truth:  roundrobin   d

test:  some text in a filename .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  clean   wanted
truth:  clean   filename

test:  build a status for a given github status .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  format   point
truth:  format   status

test:  helper function for quickly getting a vo service .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to create a test condition .
truth: add i . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a port range range(port_max & ~ .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   simplifying
truth:  encode   range

test:  helper for converting a selector or a selector .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  allow   match
truth:  allow   syntax

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   repartition
truth:  comma   leaf

test:  handle the rdfvalue handler for the given page .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return all tags from the given module .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  generate nodes to pipe to a file .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  url   format
truth:  url   parameter

test:  convert ipv6 address in 6to4 representation to printable .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  passing a delimiter other than space or comma gives an exception .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  create and truncate a qurl if it will be expected .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  turn a numeric x into a numpy array .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  gzip a dist string and encodes it into a module .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  run any options and make it usable in a subprocess .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  executes   compiles
truth:  executes   suite

test:  make a consistent chart using the <bokeh .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  reconid real types .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  tests that a matrix of multinomial are equal .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  tests   cleaning
truth:  tests   matrix

test:  remove the named user from an selinux name the host to remove users that should be absent .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  check whether a phone number is a carrier number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  return true if path may be a tar path .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  this method invoked by cybersource a unicode name .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  destroy a vm instance .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   clip
truth:  destroys   record

test:  pick data from a redis space .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   go
truth:  pick   channels

test:  always returns none .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds a new controller controller to bus and reuturns .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create an absolute path to a directory .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  transforms features for the specified backoff .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  pulls   bootstrapping
truth:  pulls   retry

test:  display information about the user in which samples should be like spapplicationsdatatype .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  pulls   query
truth:  pulls   position

test:  returns the version of the current currently installed .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  print dependencies of channels .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  decorator to convert all functions in a single list of iterable .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  pulls   reduce
truth:  pulls   shorthand

test:  return a context manager that temporarily have been protect plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  for a given domain object .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  a generator of nodes .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  send message to the status msg .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  standardizes   widgets
truth:  standardizes   responses

test:  return virtual memory memory statistics as a namedtuple .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  module importer does the remembered application .
truth: execute app . 
test:  execute   mutes
truth:  execute   app

test:  return the information stored in a dict .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  pull   weblate
truth:  pull   references

test:  checks that a token is a valid web locale .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  remove contacts from the viewpoint metadata .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  fetch a lyricswiki from the given url .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  fetch   pulls
truth:  fetch   null

test:  attempt to connect to translation .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  convert a qos to a a a given recipients .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  assert that the path of the paths in the given directory are valid .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  generates a temporary filename .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  -   files
truth:  -   check

test:  return number from sequence .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  traverse a dataset into multiple random cost .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  evaluates the hyperbolic sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   launches
truth:  evaluates   sine

test:  zdt1 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  display the currently set network time time time time time zone time .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  load a document from git .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  parse   commit
truth:  parse   repository

test:  updates the specified users password .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  terminate   generate
truth:  terminate   users

test:  deletes a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  computes the rbm safe for two budget_staff .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  computes   humanized
truth:  computes   energy

test:  create a new repository .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  prompt   crop
truth:  prompt   directory

test:  get chain from server .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  pick a channel for the given images .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  output   quotes
truth:  output   map

test:  return true if the given context can be built .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  pops the packages using osx .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  setup   package
truth:  setup   launchd

test:  function to convert a finder into a fully-qualified package .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  builds the layer model representing the brackets .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  constructs   hash
truth:  constructs   flow

test:  signal for ctrl-c events .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  show the version of devices .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  load a file from the "data" directory and return a dictionary of plugin pairs .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  attach a block storage volume name server name the volume to attach .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  generates an existing usercontributionsmodel with new calculated contributions .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  commits   allocate
truth:  commits   user

test:  comapare both the default and and a default value .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  create a snapshot in a snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  perform   centralized
truth:  perform   backup

test:  the enterprise_customer_branding_override_details in a separate fragment .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  handle merging of nodes of a dense weight graph .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  callback   increase
truth:  callback   nodes

test:  sort an image .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  get   enhance
truth:  get   items

test:  clears accumulated statistics in the given dict .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   guessing
truth:  clear   namespace

test:  get a string representation of a property .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  add   sparks
truth:  add   number

test:  gets the compiler compiler for the given compiler .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  get   img
truth:  get   compiler

test:  for a non-standard prompt .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  prompt   generate
truth:  prompt   users

test:  retrieve the file size for a given atype .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  retrieve   teardown
truth:  retrieve   type

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  get current video subtitle .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   skills
truth:  get   track

test:  returns an instance of an instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  shortcut   stores
truth:  shortcut   name

test:  generate nodes inferred by the given statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series the sections are returned in the order of their position in the stable binary .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  handle frac signal .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  reverse method .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  branching branching branching rules .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   reveal
truth:  compose   sequence

test:  creates an index for a larger object .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  join a string or an user name into a template .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  turns   preloading
truth:  turns   host

test:  read a sequence of tuples after all of the given audio stream .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  opens   takes
truth:  opens   stream

test:  returns the language-code thats listed in supported language .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  save configuration to a json file parameters filename : str filename to save data in json file .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   freezing
truth:  save   configuration

test:  a objective function for computing the objective function parameters precision : int .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  pulls   publish
truth:  pulls   graph

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided unittest test suite .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  generate   binhexed
truth:  generate   tests

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  gets the preferred time .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  fixture to return a fake edited .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  patch   knapsack
truth:  patch   request

test:  custom view to take a list of the most recently changeset revision spanning the necessary public revision .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  create   chops
truth:  create   un

test:  guest the win32 rules for the enough shell .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  set   put
truth:  set   rules

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  computes the bayesian likelihood for a given namespace_id .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   tile
truth:  computes   information

test:  filter an instance of a dataframe .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  compile python bytecode file .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  does   writing
truth:  does   ironpython

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  converts qkeyevent text into entity .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  convert   connect
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns the appropriate reference string for a reference ref .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  load a resource from the zoneinfo file .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  a decorator that converts a method to a method .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get a backup by name .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   scaled
truth:  collecting   queue

test:  log a message indicating that it is called by the line .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  initialize   decorating
truth:  initialize   log

test:  generates the table width and fast it .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  generates   representing
truth:  generates   specification

test:  construct an array of arrays the harmonic matrix f .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  constructs   stacking
truth:  constructs   grid

test:  convert a integer to an integer according to the locale settings .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  read a page from the given page object .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  a context manager which sends a log out of a ms user .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  get   command
truth:  get   session

test:  get all objects belonging to a namespace object .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  computes a new quirks or bucket for an array of 0 .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  deletes a certain network router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  in the same versions cache version .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  isprime:bool return a random n-bit prime number .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  this function is called to be moved in a figure .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  a simple resource .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  parses a connected exponent .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  returns   exponential

test:  convert a sequence of bytes to a sequence .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  returns   been
truth:  returns   format

test:  dump an expression to a small location .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new service instance for the given service .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  parse a value from its passwords .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   initalize
truth:  convert   k

test:  get or set the radial ticklines plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if all layers have the same country code .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   borrowed
truth:  given   instances

test:  transfer a directory down .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  create true if a resources operator is supported .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  changes   reported
truth:  changes   function

test:  drops a theano function from a file .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  force   step
truth:  force   names

test:  writes a file to stdout .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  set the global registry registry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  check if pandas is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check_call -> 0 run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  create an array with a ecdf .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  check if a portage package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  check   downloading
truth:  check   package

test:  add option for adding a single conda arguments .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  base   instantiate
truth:  base   arguments

test:  ensure that the user site errors work in an address .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  lookup   borrowed
truth:  lookup   instances

test:  return the simple app server manager webapp url : url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  command   advised
truth:  command   commands

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  the smallest message et al .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  verify   sparks
truth:  verify   number

test:  returns a file with empty locations and their content .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  delete the folder from the cursor at signals .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  delete   extends
truth:  delete   signals

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  only load if the traffic server module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   git
truth:  load   ini

test:  show a page block for a given document page .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  displayed   capitalizes
truth:  displayed   revision

test:  return a new ripemd160 object .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  return   linked
truth:  return   crypto

test:  group sums function for 1d t .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  sum   rising
truth:  sum   group

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given billed .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  creates a query to filter documents based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  tanh activation function .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  pulls   stay
truth:  pulls   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  calculate the measure for a given crossorigin="anonymous" array .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  find   measure

test:  gets the xunit xunit object .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  returns an umc module object prepared for editing an existing entry .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  update an instance or raise if it does not exist or was created .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  update   urlencode
truth:  update   item

test:  download a format string to a collection .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   labels
truth:  download   transform

test:  decorator for a function or binddn method .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  routing area update section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  read a file and return parsed object .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  convert a git file to the list of biopython .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  try to read from an executable file .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   raising
truth:  read   docker

test:  test xunit output with different filename .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  joins a and b into a .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  wrap a single test in a lock protected .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  disconnect signal from receiver to latest signal handlers .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  disconnect   selecting
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   inputhook
truth:  testing   sys

test:  make an axis out of type non-string items for each group .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a compiled function which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  list available user .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   missed
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  turn a version string into a native version .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  revision no revision from db .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  get   capitalizes
truth:  get   revision

test:  create groups for each group in indices .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  command : next id lparen id rparen equals expr .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return true if path is absolute .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get remaining remaining edge for a buffer .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   pack
truth:  get   edge

test:  list the arguments .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new volume type .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  ban user for ninja-ide .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns a dictionary of mapping data to their translations .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  check the log warnings .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  test all duplicates in the x-www-form-urlencoded directory .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   skipped
truth:  test   use

test:  parse a file and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   sigma
truth:  add   vertexes

test:  returns a users username for a users username .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  focused   takes
truth:  focused   stream

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  print an error message to stderr .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  sets up options for a test of different settings .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  look up an array of random samples from the variable .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  produce a multi-dimensional request for a soap .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  function   control
truth:  function   generation

test:  convert a number to an excel cell .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   reading
truth:  create   agent

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  returns the graph of the graph g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate the navigation modelform for the given page .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  collect data and create a datastore datastore .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  allow   emit
truth:  allow   access

test:  callback invoked when a mysql matches the command line re-activate .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  invoked   format_alignment
truth:  invoked   authentication

test:  return true if the variable is defined: .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  sort time like 1h 10s .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  decorator that protects endpoints using a view function .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   reuse
truth:  pulls   endpoints

test:  this is a maximum value for relative to the form where we are in the path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  helper to get/create a new tp .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  embed an album into the items log file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  convert x to a string .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  list nat rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  get   put
truth:  get   rules

test:  if the linux module is successful .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  elementwise sigmoid activation function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate a wtforms model for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   flow
truth:  generate   fields

test:  returns a dictionary of the following tasks for the given cluster .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  did   returns
truth:  did   something

test:  convert a name to a list of categories .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  read   crop
truth:  read   directory

test:  temporary directory that wrapped with a temporary file class .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  extract http basic credentials from server .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  check that grammar raises a bad manual given the bad manual .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  returns true if idle is running .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if the variable is defined: .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  calls the 3-tuple module with the given name .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  set   fixes
truth:  set   manager

test:  calculates the actual metasploit length for a metasploit sequence .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  returns grid data for a grid .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  gets a list of .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  obtain   throttle
truth:  obtain   unit

test:  returns an configured xml metadata for use in the datastream .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  convert a to a cholesky matrix for the within the source .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  convert a potential structure of the dest matrix to the dest .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  transfer   unlocking
truth:  transfer   source

test:  adds / remove the bootloader .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   iterator
truth:  add   kernel

test:  send promiscping who-has requests to determine which hosts are up promiscping -> none set cache=true if you want promiscping .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   creates
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  get the again for an analyzers .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  struct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  takes a search string and throws it in pexpect .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure the marathon for a specific configuration .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  ensure   mutes
truth:  ensure   app

test:  returns the tuple of for a particular key .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  finds and returns first item in iterable .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  wrapper around image_resize_image .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  setup the install .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  return the list of file data files .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  decompress gzipped data in a fly .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  stream   enroll
truth:  stream   iterator

test:  create a new audio with the provided parent parent .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  record   wanted
truth:  record   filename

test:  builds a request .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  test   roundrobin
truth:  test   application

test:  get all instance faults for a given instance_uuids .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that dates are created .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  pulls   generalized
truth:  pulls   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  mounts the processing of a partition .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  resets some data to a previous dict .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  restore   freezing
truth:  restore   configuration

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  converts unicode to unicode .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  get a ensure that will be generate a pycrust string .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  there is a subset of a file lock .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  object   place
truth:  object   generator

test:  runs ctc loss algorithm on each beam .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  decodes   flattens
truth:  decodes   output

test:  list keyring for a specific keyring cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  list   review
truth:  list   keys

test:  change the users full name cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   unlink
truth:  change   phone

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  runs the argument parsing and return a wsgify .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  return a list of all directories on the container .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return information about the active result cli example: .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  returns swap size for linode .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  like getattr .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  load a single file from path .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  show information on the ac/dc device cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  returns all folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  creates a response headers .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   logging
truth:  create   flask

test:  cast an array to a dtype .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   tabulate
truth:  create   makefile

test:  delete a container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   satisfy
truth:  delete   container

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  wait until condition is true .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   dictionary
truth:  wait   condition

test:  initialize the module names for the cloud name/path .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wrapper to get parameters from wrapping asynchronous .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  assert   batch
truth:  assert   code

test:  decorator for a dummy class which makes a dummy variable .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  returns an arp network from the given interface .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  resolve the provided document and check the optional document .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   pass
truth:  resolve   document

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  check   alignment
truth:  check   section

test:  attempt to get a particular locate cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  writes a new string to a file .
truth: write out data . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  tcp tcp function to custom custom model .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  process the face from the xmltext .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  group together identifier and asc/desc token .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a test model for use in tests .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  yaml: shining enable shining test results .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a key into binary string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  expr : minus expr %prec uminus .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   pulls
truth:  expr   null

test:  returns the value passed to the given precision .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  removes anything from a store or byte string .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  assemble an array of arrays from the arrays transform .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  generate   registers
truth:  generate   product

test:  returns the dictionary of smartsplit for a given word .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  convert the group id into an accountlistentry object .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  gets a system name for the given rollback .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  given an entity type .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  call   located
truth:  call   method

test:  compute the dummy version of evoked .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   zoom
truth:  compute   vectors

test:  circle circle rows with shifted terms .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  draw   forwards
truth:  draw   image

test:  require the git command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   authorizes
truth:  require   command

test:  returns a right-stochastic for the local node of a directed graph .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  return   craft
truth:  return   expr

test:  stub function for the url any resource .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  creates an openid response for the given request .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  return an sqlite3 load and sqlite3 .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   enters
truth:  return   bucket

test:  find the longest longest tree .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns first initial contact .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  fills   r^2
truth:  fills   form

test:  returns a list of notifications owned by the configuration modules .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  used for those that knows lines after other .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  converts an image to a valid image and return it as needed by c3d parameters im : ndarray 1-d array .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  promote   pulls
truth:  promote   null

test:  left is a sql clause like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  stop all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  activate   resulting
truth:  activate   workers

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat dictionary of results .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable the approximate plugin .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   identifies
truth:  enable   plugin

test:  return true if the ssh url is an ssh ssh .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  check   drop
truth:  check   ssh

test:  test picking font listing .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   rotate
truth:  test   loading

test:  take a template class and a template file .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  compile   storing
truth:  compile   template

test:  inverse of the form of the uri ipynb .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  construct a numpy bug array from the numpy bug or matrices .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return y minus best fit line; linear detrending .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wrapper around docker client .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  readers that include_names is correctly after the number of data passed to the readers reader .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   lets
truth:  denied   handler

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  return art url based on the itunes .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  a function with no arguments should not operate with a re-scan .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  distance between two [lat .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  finds   rfc
truth:  finds   distance

test:  get an instantiated perms by its content cls .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   wrapped
truth:  returns   permission

test:  this is the gui gui .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  return   rearranges
truth:  return   import

test:  wrap a variable with a custom creation creation .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  provides   accentuated
truth:  provides   getter

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  colorize   displaying
truth:  colorize   ref

test:  deletes a review request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if we can connect to a network .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return the number of workers in the current thread .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  return the terminal terminal well as a permutation of locale .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  custom page to custom limit_dict limit_dict .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  creates two exits to and from the two rooms build .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the num-th fibonacci number .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  remove generated from a file .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return a string representing the specified uuid .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  returns   squeezing
truth:  returns   uuid

test:  generate a soap fault based on the result of a public public public .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  return firewall information for the vm .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  create   need
truth:  create   interfaces

test:  update an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  wrapper for sending .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  get the transfer onto the nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  evaluate the definite integral of a b-spline .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  find   estimate
truth:  find   roots

test:  create an image from a pil image .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  enrich   post_save
truth:  enrich   metadata

test:  return the quoted declaration of a string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   step
truth:  remove   names

test:  get an album field for a given album .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list media instance in media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  return a list of matching guests for a filename .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   prefilled
truth:  return   hosts

test:  get all pids of a particular distribution running all linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  retrieve all services that have been modified .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  test either a single .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   gated
truth:  tests   wether

test:  normalize dataframe .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  replace   step
truth:  replace   names

test:  returns a list of units that are prefixed units of prefixes .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  handle the http response .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a tuple for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  into a configuration file .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  compute the matrix difference between two binary coordinates .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  test whether java-style is different analysis for source space .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  return a list of hosts entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  return data from the aws data store .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   allocated
truth:  return   mongodb

test:  returns a tuple of information about the about page .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  if the given tail is a tuple of any different syntax .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  handles   small_stmts
truth:  handles   line

test:  returns the map of all nodes in gc .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  queue denied .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  denied   bring
truth:  denied   page

test:  return an array of device memory that is everywhere on the data .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  call   rectified
truth:  call   cuda

test:  create or replaces code from a recorded code string .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   converted
truth:  return   block

test:  loads a template from the source directory .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  remove boldface formatting from a string .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  returns the minimum minimum labels of the values of an array at labels .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  calculate   echo
truth:  calculate   minimum

test:  toggle images on image .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  wrapper to give the right and keyword args in a function call .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get the bracket line of the garbage index .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  delete certbot .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   enhance
truth:  delete   items

test:  returns a join number of a python stream .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  expects   takes
truth:  expects   stream

test:  creates an action callback that spawns a random action .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  return   pick
truth:  return   callback

test:  send a message to a the sys .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  broken   reported
truth:  broken   function

test:  list all objects either for a specific service instance or service properties .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns all custom entities of a custom fields .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  get   tokens
truth:  get   union

test:  applies hooks for given document .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  returns path to make json with te .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   labeled
truth:  format   file

test:  actually stop .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  issue   starting
truth:  issue   shutdown

test:  returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decodes a class with one or more steps so we can access to .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  decorates   safe_octal
truth:  decorates   class

test:  opens a new stream .
truth: open stream . 
test:  open   takes
truth:  open   stream

test:  return a list of resource pools .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  filter the list of errors and strip those that have been resolved into those subsets .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   pulls
truth:  filter   null

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   translates
truth:  test   flags

test:  normalize points for a given row .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  normalize   algorithm
truth:  normalize   points

test:  load the image in a subtitle imdb .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  join should not cause a valid lines for relative to the same interval .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  tests   wants
truth:  tests   parts

test:  remove any consecutive errors from file_like .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  trim   shared
truth:  trim   string

test:  return the total flag of the given command .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  attach a node to a node .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  return the last access time of a file .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   interpolates
truth:  read   lang

test:  set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   reported
truth:  set   function

test:  allows dot member notation in attribute name to be used .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  allows   archive
truth:  allows   member

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  create a new hook .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  this is called from various headers which are not a valid mime request when not a specific request .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the fully qualified time of the linux distribution .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  check and next/previtem frames .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  check   restoring
truth:  check   data

test:  delete a configuration file and create a config dictionary .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  returns the descendants of the node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns an iterator over the first item in the list .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  detach an elb to subnets .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   registered
truth:  detach   elb

test:  is the data unpickle method .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  handles   find_goroutine
truth:  handles   compression

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  take a dictionary that may or a list of dicts .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  converts a color to hex encoded color tuple .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  wrap a function to restricted an acl action after a test .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  prevent   usage_key_string
truth:  prevent   view

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  print an error message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  get the md5 checksum of a dict .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  performs silhouette score at labels and the standard tuple of silhouette samples .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  convert a list of bytes into an integer .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  create   preserve
truth:  create   int

test:  run an iis application .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set up the trend sensor .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors and for the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   subset
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test end to end of the command .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   objects
truth:  test   show

test:  returns norm .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  pulls   multiplicative_expression
truth:  pulls   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  returns a list of indices from the current list of columns .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  inputs   bounds
truth:  inputs   table

test:  asserts that choice names given in *choices* are the only ones values for this problem .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  asserts   pulls
truth:  asserts   null

test:  create tp and tp10x instances with identical parameters .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   borrowed
truth:  create   instances

test:  use this function to set the numbered all autodeployed in sympy .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  multiply two polynomials g from f .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compare   round
truth:  compare   polynomials

test:  returns the equivalent of the given sequence of text .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list availability zones for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  create and return qr data from a file .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of dns services for use in the specified subnet .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  get   wait
truth:  get   servers

test:  set default credentials value .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  clean up any remote url to put it on remote url .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  sign a dsc api to a given username .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  construct a list of tuples containing all grains in the {}regex .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  read source spaces from a fiff file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   unlocking
truth:  read   source

test:  strip # markers at the front of a given line .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  given   supports
truth:  given   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   review
truth:  replace   keys

test:  return the most recent users that need to be created .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  send emails to notify the given recipients about new exploration .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return a list of names of methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  url encode a single bytestring or unicode string .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return a list of paths to include the cubic build .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  parse "{name}={value}" text .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   reported
truth:  control   function

test:  get a list of devices on this host .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  parse the ldd or comments .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parses   flattens
truth:  parses   output

test:  creates a new wsgi server listening in ssl headers and the ssl .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  define   clones
truth:  define   server

test:  walk a list of paths and make a nest paths .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : varlist | file_input | literal | varlist | varlist .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  given a course_id and a dictionary of administrator administrator that the user is allowed to do do not needed to do not have been verified .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  verify an object is the type includes the type passed in .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  creates   located
truth:  creates   method

test:  given the output of a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   flattens
truth:  given   output

test:  renders a template in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  populate all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   choice
truth:  print   formats

test:  takes a dict and returns the output matching grains .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  show the details from proxmox concerning a guest .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  returns first item in seq .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return a list of available endpoint cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test subpixel accuracy of the oversample model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   mask
truth:  test   accuracy

test:  removes html or xml entities from the given string .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  strips   connect
truth:  strips   entities

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  add a django help .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  execute   lambda
truth:  execute   django

test:  return full path to the heads config file .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  disable markdown text to html .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  escapes   skipped
truth:  escapes   use

test:  a decorator to unpatch method calls .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  pulls   reflect
truth:  pulls   testcase

test:  setup the lxc container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   satisfy
truth:  setup   container

test:  create an image with a given name .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  call   wanted
truth:  call   filename

test:  decorator for benchmarks which is used for temporarily change the given function .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  click the given logrecords table parameters that doesnt exist in the db .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  step   emits
truth:  step   definition

test:  gives the contents of sys .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  entry point for conversion process .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  start   authorizes
truth:  start   command

test:  check for the existence of a given environment .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  scan a list of ports from a complete list of numbers .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scans   edit
truth:  scans   ports

test:  check if all files exist .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  test   generating
truth:  test   shell

test:  parse a string to a list of string s .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  runs a command in a work .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   optimized
truth:  run   script

test:  store expression to be the same expression as the first expression .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  convert a datetime object to time in seconds .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  return default extension .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  returns a right-stochastic representation of the graph .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  compute   runs
truth:  compute   cost

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   differ
truth:  convert   rest

test:  returns a generator of the nodes in the graph .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  uninstall a cabal package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   downloading
truth:  uninstall   package

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method in a transaction .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the path from the dpid .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  read an access path from the given key .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  given   been
truth:  given   format

test:  split a list of nodes into 1 .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  iter   chisquare
truth:  iter   tuples

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib curve in the :ref:user .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the name of a qualified package .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  format the text heading for the client .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  multiply the brightness for gamma images .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   c_value_type
truth:  change   brightness

test:  returns the minimum alternating cycle of the graph .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a datetime object to a datetime object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  check if the whole text is valid .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  redirects to the specified location using http permanent status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  register ovs handlers for options .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   backported
truth:  register   handlers

test:  generates an hmac-sha256 key and iv .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  median absolute error .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  compute the special condition that is plot with the input data .
truth: computes np . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   lets
truth:  test   handler

test:  return an [start_port which has been free that return it .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  return the purchase holding the given endpoint .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  validate a category .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns random string value in a given string .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  this is only used in the pyinstaller .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   clones
truth:  register   server

test:  get all the attribute except for a given layer .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  generate   constrain
truth:  generate   attribute

test:  return list of tuples that are up from current deferred .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  acronyms should be instantiated .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  recursively create two blocklist or pytest .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  ensure a cluster exists name the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   were
truth:  ensure   property

test:  test ask for custom context .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  affine weight init .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  pulls   rescanning
truth:  pulls   weights

test:  delete an tag from the instance .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  only works on windows systems with setquota binary available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  registers a new gstreamer hooks for the given feature .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  gets the resetcycle for the given object .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  resets   building
truth:  resets   tag

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  extract a timeseries expression of a timeseries file parameters data : bool returns: a list of names of bytes read in bytes .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  get doc permissions for given doc and add permissions .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  normalize the default path to match the path .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  this functions checks if git is installed .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  check   unparsing
truth:  check   git

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  check parallel level of parallel in parallel .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   carry
truth:  mark   test

test:  returns a dict of tasks that need to be moved to access a task .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  accept rules for an exact match to the column xml document .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  return a decorator that executes instance .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common test fixtures for standard streams .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   unsqueeze
truth:  set   fixtures

test:  always returns true if the variable is not a valid timestamp .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  raise   quantize
truth:  raise   priority

test:  returns the wavefunction wavefunction r_{nl} for a 3d isotropic harmonic oscillator .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test our opengl configuration .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  reset the prefixer for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  this is an email to the queue .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  get all notification names for a user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  converts a dictionary of items into a list of items .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  process   restoring
truth:  process   data

test:  run all tests in the given test suite .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  set the file system path for a single filename .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   resizes
truth:  set   icon

test:  we get here from the flavor sorting .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  decorate a log result to a pushover response with the requested request code .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  sort an xml document .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  print   executed
truth:  print   dictionary

test:  known list of users and their login .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   relying
truth:  delete   login

test:  iterate over a source file .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  takes   deployments
truth:  takes   sources

test:  given a tree and a new tree .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  this function computes the estimated over the positive integer n .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  get   round
truth:  get   polynomials

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  test that new .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   incorporate
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  compute the bw of a sparse matrix x in sparse order .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  build a running device and add it to the specified device .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  computes the root mean squared log error .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   capturing
truth:  computes   error

test:  remove flavor access for given flavor type .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  remove   append
truth:  remove   tenant

test:  save a dictionary and newline all assets in a given config .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  make events and finish for each line .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   memoizes
truth:  remove   plot

test:  patch arch .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  patch   labeled
truth:  patch   file

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  resize using python imaging library .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  resize   inquire
truth:  resize   tool

test:  write a logger to disk .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  log   ssl
truth:  log   errors

test:  return mpkg ids from a list of packages that belong to the local file .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  attempt   downloading
truth:  attempt   package

test:  get formatted codes from file .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  helper method for adjusting dictionary with accumulate .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  accumulate   fetches
truth:  accumulate   parent

test:  shows the purchase activity age for single user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   bring
truth:  shows   page

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime object to a :py:class:datetime .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  returns the current utc name .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  parse a content-type like range header into a tuple of seconds .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  print the current metric line .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  sorts a list of headers .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  decorate a function to dispatch the given args .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  return event list based on successful locations .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  return   expects
truth:  return   queries

test:  determine whether a datetime is a utcstr timestamp .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  format   merge
truth:  format   iso

test:  compute an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem for a complex hermitian or real symmetric matrix .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  rgb to hex .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  given   identified
truth:  given   rgb

test:  returns a theano tensor containing a theano variable of the specified shape .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  copy a encrypted_data from a pair of features .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  learn   initalize
truth:  learn   k

test:  set the current idle clock .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  sets   sampling
truth:  sets   clock

test:  local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  sends an apns notification to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  run the tests .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate over all nodes or a child key .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  interpret a string key as a customized customized customized version .
truth: given a key . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  get the evaluated int as an int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  determine if a date is older than seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check that a model is allowed to be allowed and has allowed .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  attach a json severities as a json representation of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   blocks
truth:  attach   representation

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   fitnesse
truth:  get   events

test:  return file scheme that is a file .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  validate that a property value is valid .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  extracts hyperbolic fields from a single declaration_list file .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  extract   exposes
truth:  extract   values

test:  print a central crop of images .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  return *filename* contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  currently connected separator needed to add team_count as part of a node .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  returns   concatenates
truth:  returns   ordering

test:  test that a qdatastream with a qdatastream status has all inputs .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  make   rename
truth:  make   members

test:  opening and bad filename .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  extract the value from an http authentication token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  returns a new collection id .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  returns currency precision for a given currency .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  returns the cost cost function .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  compute the 1-norm matrix from broadcasting .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   scans
truth:  compute   pairs

test:  internal handler for initialize the carbon config .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  run   rendering
truth:  run   routines

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  configure   executed
truth:  configure   dictionary

test:  compare two query strings .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parameters signal handler function .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  compute   believe
truth:  compute   spline

test:  generate rsa keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  decorate a view that renders a tag configuration object .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  temporarily update the available delay message .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  pulls   compile
truth:  pulls   documentation

test:  slugify a string .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  loads   bootstraps
truth:  loads   callable

test:  enable/disable bench .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  start a lock on a redis document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  lock   pass
truth:  lock   document

test:  helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  pulls   reblock
truth:  pulls   netmask

test:  only work on gentoo systems .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  run   setting
truth:  run   systems

test:  for a file .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  expands   pulls
truth:  expands   null

test:  create an attribute of the parent attribute from the sequence .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  import a git repository from a path .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  import   whitelisted
truth:  import   repo

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  checks for empty fields after description before checks checks for empty fields .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   flow
truth:  checks   fields

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  train a n-dimensional net .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  return union of polygons polygons as list of strings .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  combine   decoding
truth:  combine   lists

test:  creates the python ip address for an application .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  update the current package with a url .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  updates   access
truth:  updates   url

test:  cast value into an array or a subclass .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove slashes that arent serialized .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  unquote   disarmed
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  moves a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  truncate   labeled
truth:  truncate   file

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   bounds
truth:  recomputes   table

test:  check if a sequence holds any field .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  get memory information from /proc/meminfo .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the rgb ansi color lists in the short .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  find   print
truth:  find   approximation

test:  function converts hex string to rgb values .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  hex   identified
truth:  hex   rgb

test:  get a metadef namespace .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  create a png canvas for the given figure .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  given   parens
truth:  given   figure

test:  this view is for testing the reload .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  call the given command .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  returns an array of given shape .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  decorator to update page if its guaranteed counters is called .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  decorates a weekday: model with behave_as .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  makes migrations for migrations .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  create   belonging
truth:  create   migrations

test:  return labeller = n x n .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  labels   centers
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update the local marker file .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  run   unpin
truth:  run   routine

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   ip
truth:  generates   paths

test:  sends a message on a topic without waiting for a response .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  wraps   prioritized
truth:  wraps   messages

test:  run the main application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  uses lightness to parse the version .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  format   building
truth:  format   tag

test:  run a plugin and return its output as a generialized-ufunc dict .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   flattening
truth:  construct   field

test:  create an error message .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  get convex convex loops from loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  we get here from /clusterstatus .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  render   identifies
truth:  render   plugin

test:  provide object alert for the options - used by the map log .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return a fresh instance of the ordinal object .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  the array-like operation .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  provide   small_stmts
truth:  provide   line

test:  clean up the module called on shutdown .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  do   mixing
truth:  do   cleanup

test:  returns a string for an object .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  tries   enhanced
truth:  tries   object

test:  chisquare test of proportions for pairs of proportions for pairs of pairs .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  chisquare   carry
truth:  chisquare   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   pauses
truth:  ascii   printing

test:  reads git file from git .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  solves an order linear differential equations .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  decorator to cause a method to be called in the subclass .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  function   binhexed
truth:  function   tests

test:  create an array with a random wavelet .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  return   approve
truth:  return   *

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   answer
truth:  check   diffs

test:  returns pprint .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  waits for an element to become appear and waits .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  transform the input code into a **killcursors** code .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  transforms   pulls
truth:  transforms   null

test:  checks if kpsewhich is a dict .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns boolean array of whether the first .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  reject the number of fairness .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  using   tokenize
truth:  using   significance

test:  removes a nexusport binding .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   stack
truth:  removes   nexusport

test:  read comments from the ontonotes .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  given   inline
truth:  given   worksheet

test:  installs more than a view get-spider-stats .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  insert   rescale
truth:  insert   inline

test:  create and validate conversion .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  converts   zdt3
truth:  converts   converts

test:  a coroutine for storing that is created to be handled in a threadsafe .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  checks if n is prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  returns the message prefix for a given script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the libcloud object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   fake
truth:  convert   load

test:  generate an rotation matrix from rotation .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  create a ndarray and a segments whose losses is dimension data .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  create   explore
truth:  create   segments

test:  return a single constant array of data .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  automatically assigns a named feature to an api .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  declares   allocate
truth:  declares   user

test:  compute consecutive flowgrams in which flowgrams all the sff file in the sff file .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  clusters   convert
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  log a test grid request .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  indent text .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   shared
truth:  indent   string

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the line number for a list of undeclared or names .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  check   step
truth:  check   names

test:  return the path to the user configuration directory .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  return nibbles char if not a bytestring or a hex string .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns an instance of a dictionary containing openshift .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  the population header client .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  is   suppose
truth:  is   algorithm

test:  use this function to use a step .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  change   instruct
truth:  change   matcher

test:  this returns a list of contents of a patched result in a patched console .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  determine the number of time a certificate in the next time .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  determines   having
truth:  determines   expiration

test:  ensures that we can remove a google time .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  make   been
truth:  make   format

test:  strategy for resize integrand .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds a dictionary of sample properties for the specified properties .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  test that db with non-prettified .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  simplified a python unicode string for a production writer .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  extracts   whiteboard
truth:  extracts   payload

test:  generic function to generate preprocessing from keyword arguments .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  format   instantiate
truth:  format   arguments

test:  return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  wait for the service to return the specified service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  creates a virtual server listening on a specified port .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  return the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  set a matplotlib palette that attached between details .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  class decorator for classes that should be used to check if an object has a parent default: .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  take parameters of a module .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  returns true if point in a single point in a given point .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  pulls   representing
truth:  pulls   specification

test:  list unique elements .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  models are visible for the piece of inputs .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  test   decide
truth:  test   groups

test:  returns true if the given key has a key .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  collect ports created by quantum from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   edit
truth:  collect   ports

test:  estimate ar(p) parameters x : ndarray order of int64 k : int number of observations rho .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  retrieve information about the nginx and return it in dictionary form for the given data and its qwebhistory .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head type and uses it type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   switch
truth:  accepts   list

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  implement   pulls
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function is used to add an inline role .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   rescale
truth:  function   inline

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  try to commit commit of the device .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  generate the document for every instance .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  yield   polynomials
truth:  yield   codes

test:  return the tuple of memory index array .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  for routines that return an integer value .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  coordinate   rendering
truth:  coordinate   routines

test:  run the varnish test suite .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  generates   blocks
truth:  generates   representation

test:  return the type where clause for the given type is list-like .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  look   teardown
truth:  look   type

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  create a switchport object for the given network .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  converts any urls in a datetime to a search_service_pb .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  returns true if child node is in child .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  detect   uncheck
truth:  detect   element

test:  generate a networkx graph g for g parameters g : graph encoding encoding : string encoding for text data .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   been
truth:  generate   format

test:  compares lines from glsa_check_list file .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  copy   takes
truth:  copy   stream

test:  create a new ip address .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   enumerator_list
truth:  create   confirmation

test:  generate the entropy of two lane .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   blend
truth:  generates   mask

test:  return a list of message data .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  process   capturing
truth:  process   error

test:  create a loop in a reactor .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  call   cie
truth:  call   predicate

test:  run a system report .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  view a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  delete filesystem .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  migrate   responds
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of all users for which the source is reporting for which the source .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  parse a content-type and return the content type .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  check if a minimal bsgs is valid .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  show details about the given def .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   revoked
truth:  display   details

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  extracts sentences from a list of strings into a list of features .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  multi-images allows checks to be ret[comment] or asserts as a addskip .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  pulls   errors
truth:  pulls   idea

test:  parses an uri uri into a tuple of uri and uri .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   trimmed
truth:  parse   uri

test:  performs an encryption string representing a in the case of key i .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  encrypt   listen
truth:  encrypt   key

test:  decorate methods with private key args and kwargs kwargs .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  parse and convert requests to a list .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an annotated sentences from a full-text coordinate .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of available certificates for the given fn .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  separate from a list of points to a sample .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  sample   initialise
truth:  sample   layers

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  generate a short string .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  encode   bench
truth:  encode   value

test:  allow utf8 or loads values from json .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  is   register
truth:  is   wrapper

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   equate
truth:  run   browser

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   tear
truth:  find   module

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   colorized
truth:  adds   context

test:  forces the given unicode string to unicode .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  transforms any encoding into a bytestring .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  perform   tokens
truth:  perform   union

test:  transform a hex string to hex color format .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  scan over the exclusions .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  returns a list of country level based on whether or not .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  check for roundtrip .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  recursively find a path to the parent directory .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to set mocks common to all metadata common to all metadata common to one or more tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  pulls   -
truth:  pulls   mocks

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   collects
truth:  get   count

test:  call a function and return a method .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  return the name of a network .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the displayname for the managed server .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  return true if p is a host .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  test   added
truth:  test   p

test:  a utility generator that is a cached query string .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  determines all valid plugins we need to flowgrams .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  computes   rotate
truth:  computes   loading

test:  split and pages a dictionary into a pair of fails .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  parses   teardown
truth:  parses   type

test:  it should extract tags from email address .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  having   fixed
truth:  having   scenario

test:  confirm that the email for the given params .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  remove duplicate duplicate page from a page .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  removing   preload
truth:  removing   content

test:  check if the given field is a category .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  pass in a template dictionary to a dictionary of parameters .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  builds   executed
truth:  builds   dictionary

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  parse arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  return the first includes fields in a class .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get vector3 by dictionary and xml element .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  migrate migrations for facts if not previously present in facts dict dict: args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the generated node was not previously
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  migrate   serves
truth:  migrate   roles

test:  converts a string into users preferred bytes .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  find the catches directory for a given job id .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  finds a mysql server .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  centers out the fvwi from an fvwi .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  make sure the test passes when the first column is raised .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  result   annoy
truth:  result   rank

test:  fetches the list of exploration ids for the given exploration id .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  gets   controls
truth:  gets   ids

test:  test stockwell class .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   shut
truth:  test   checker

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   producing
truth:  takes   certificate

test:  tests that the stack of all of its dependencies have been rewritten .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  mark   expected
truth:  mark   stack

test:  decorator: receive a client .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  injects   encapsulate
truth:  injects   instance

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  internal function for resetting a nice chart ajax .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the filesystem name of the filesystem .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  return   forgets
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  current local git methods .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  clones   knapsack
truth:  clones   request

test:  return random source code of a running line .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  get   github
truth:  get   frame

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   hydrate
truth:  return   core

test:  add a trace or http trace if it is in an existing trace .
truth: add tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  test   inf
truth:  test   download

test:  url-encode strings that are safe to be used with categorical characters .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 32-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  generate a dictionary of field names for the given sqlalchemy model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  extracts   executed
truth:  extracts   dictionary

test:  attach a cd record and returns the reference .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   maxheap
truth:  create   vbd

test:  error checking on the expr .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  returns a dict describing the description corresponding to the trees .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dictionary of dictlist name/version information and converts it to a tuple .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  convert   leaves
truth:  convert   dictionaries

test:  setup the tikteck lights .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   evpn
truth:  get   schema

test:  asserts the message at least two soon .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  assert   dictionary
truth:  assert   condition

test:  start playing any currently playing music and start playing from the given playlist .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  fade   pulls
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  wrapper for the directory .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  convert a string into a tuple of non-empty words .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  given   blocks
truth:  given   representation

test:  this is just a file system pep python 2 .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   acquires
truth:  test   pep8

test:  deletes a job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  deletes   uploading
truth:  deletes   job

test:  stream stream from producer/consumer .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  create   sympy
truth:  create   slice

test:  print the estate manor stats stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  returns the count of bytes for numpy .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  returns a number as a string .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  create a block device cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  return symmetric but with the symmetric group .
truth: return base . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  builds a environment request to build a temporary request and then copy it to an application .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  build   unquoting
truth:  build   environment

test:  return data in buy .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  transform a file subject .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  return a basic word from a list of words .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a value from an object .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  start an event on an instance action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   rescales
truth:  start   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create api-version specific foreign tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  poi types: restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  utility method for grr .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  remove   scans
truth:  remove   pairs

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  gets the base directory from the system .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   authorizes
truth:  get   command

test:  take a filter on a list of filters .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  validates   hits
truth:  validates   filter

test:  adds a given to a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  exemplify repr (see also demo .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  run   resolving
truth:  run   defaults

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format multicast address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   coupling
truth:  return   target

test:  flushes log and flushes a logging .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  send   prioritized
truth:  send   messages

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  makes a list of speed from a metadata or string .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  chooses   bench
truth:  chooses   value

test:  returns the real monomial of a monomial .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  multiply   export
truth:  multiply   tuple

test:  prints out all of all timeseries data available in the given resource .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  query   constructed
truth:  query   timeseries

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to flush all sequences for django tables .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  validate that value is a bson .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  returns the path to an executable .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  echo calls to a certain interface .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  applies a single bytestring of data from apache offset .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  unpack   restrict
truth:  unpack   array

test:  delete an imagemember object .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  returns content and a primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  compute   preload
truth:  compute   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  this method matches the signature for xblock .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  url   dictate
truth:  url   studio

test:  add scaled to the given op .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  adds   incoming
truth:  adds   op

test:  formats a version-2 swift acl string into a referrers list .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  returns   be
truth:  returns   acl

test:  imports an image by name .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  returns github url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  update files in tables .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  create   rows
truth:  create   indexes

test:  decorator for wrapping a test .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  sort an otu table by number of sample ids .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   bounds
truth:  sort   table

test:  return true if the object is a missing close to all targets .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  returns   coupling
truth:  returns   target

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets metric by name from list .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a random string .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  lets   pulls
truth:  lets   null

test:  returns the gaussian distance between sd and y .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  register a new decorator to be a mandatory object .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  store   crack
truth:  store   _

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  true if t is a valid lval .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  checks   contributed
truth:  checks   t

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  load the ubuntu module for an ubuntu module .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  ensures a string argument is a sequence of unicode strings .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  test the odd utility function .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  dry helper to set up remote branch .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  return   domain
truth:  return   fetch

test:  this is an s3 controller for subprocess_popen .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  get   extension

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  a decorator that enforces all requests to an api handler .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  a helper method that returns the values related to a phone number .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  get certificate matches development matches .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  list out installed commands .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  pulls   transliterate
truth:  pulls   variable

test:  return a iterator over all children of the given node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  the most recent values along an integer .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  pad   renders
truth:  pad   series

test:  compute the rest of the input polynomial .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  launches the given login method .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  construct   access
truth:  construct   url

test:  assign a transformation to an array of slices .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  slice   truncates
truth:  slice   assignment

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return crange for uint8 .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  show a small expression for the specified sympy .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  show   logged
truth:  show   dialog

test:  validate a list of strings .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a request to the specified path .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  recodes norm squared enclosed from one nobs .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  load taxonomy file .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   r^2
truth:  read   form

test:  return the first sentence of the given string .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  parse pygithub .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  adds headers to the response headers .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  alter   stubbed
truth:  alter   headers

test:  turn a numpy array into a numpy array .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enable   receives
truth:  enable   port

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  ask for a given matrix to a single identity matrix .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  get a fake volume .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  return the list of course_updates sql .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  validates that value is a valid email for use in format string .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validate   text
truth:  validate   username

test:  iterate over a handle format .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  only load this module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  generate a function for a given dimension .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  converts a penn to a cubic number .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return system cpu times as a namedtuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   flask
truth:  return   times

test:  parses a string containing only one and values of the given key .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  split   redash
truth:  split   hive

test:  disconnect a service instance from the specified service .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  clones a machine by name from a virtual provider .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   pulls
truth:  clone   null

test:  issue a flash message .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  read   wrapping
truth:  read   handle

test:  monkey-patch the built-in statement for each entry in the figure .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  transforms entities in batches of specified html tag .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  transforms   redirecting
truth:  transforms   entity

test:  escape the given json so that it can be embedded safely inside html .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  escape   scanned
truth:  escape   dumps

test:  create a managed ports for a managed instance group .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test if cache is deactivated in private-browsing file .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  construct absolute path of all the source files in a package .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  return   resample
truth:  return   directories

test:  changes the global console action .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  url-encode the indices of a quote and return them as a string .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  provides   sparsedataset
truth:  provides   indices

test:  print and automatically two lines .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   flattens
truth:  print   output

test:  load a list of tuples for containers in the <path> .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  computes the hcluster from the hcluster node .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  returns the number of available chapters .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   unpublicizes
truth:  release   description

test:  move to the end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  move   mounted
truth:  move   end

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  stops cassandra application engine .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   pulls
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns an instance of the cache with right settings .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  returns   serializing
truth:  returns   setting

test:  set up the tracability .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  quote a url including any / .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  extract a current version from the current working version file .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   extract
truth:  extract   version

test:  delete one or more image for a given image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  check that something that is idle .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  runs the actual account .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  parse http response .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  sends an api delete api .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   summarize
truth:  instantiates   zeros

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   executed
truth:  filter   dictionary

test:  retrieve a check class from the provided check name .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  escape a value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   combines
truth:  create   campaign

test:  install all assets available for the current thread .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  install   proxying
truth:  install   assets

test:  test that we can search for tk if it is in text .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  test   dos
truth:  test   search

test:  return a global view for a single view .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  create   usage_key_string
truth:  create   view

test:  verify that the path to the directory mount a directory and is present .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  resnet-152 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  make a backup for the given ansible source file as a new backup .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  generate a key for the calling handler .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  simple example of a program .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unblock   allocate
truth:  unblock   user

test:  this will enable the contents of the block through variable .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filter   bartels
truth:  filter   contents

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  removes the fake project to be overwritten in the according tests .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  check that the supplied value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test that tax tax tax classes with taxes for each order .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   fetches
truth:  test   parent

test:  f: a maximal error value .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  function   ssl
truth:  function   errors

test:  return an absolute path to a resource .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  get the distance from a segment and the segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  takes a string that may or may not contain a valid url .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  replaces   shared
truth:  replaces   string

test:  the usual for a given file .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add the specified line to the beginning of the line .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  add   small_stmts
truth:  add   line

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  truncates primer .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter template .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   profile
truth:  creates   theme

test:  list currently configured cloud provider .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  given a path with the mask .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  validate the generated html .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  run   supports
truth:  run   text

test:  convert string to a numpy array of bytes .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  tests retrieving a single user is retrieved and contains a single single api object .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  this is octet of scipy to use and stringio method .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  delete a more yaml document .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  coordinates the harris points for the distance .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  parse an percent given a base input string or float .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the directory leading up to an array of leading ones .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  returns the name of the process used by the given pid .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  get   snaps
truth:  get   pid

test:  get an attribute of the module this is the minimum version of the module .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the head part of a path .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  converts a python value to a string or .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  function   unescape
truth:  function   validate

test:  create a link to a search_service_pb object .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  make   looping
truth:  make   node

test:  return the laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  removes a suffix from a suffix .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the index of an array .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  extract the first exception from the signal handler .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  format   expected
truth:  format   stack

test:  retrieve the current platform for an application .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  returns   emits
truth:  returns   definition

test:  attach a bcache device to a cache according to the specified device .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   spawn
truth:  attach   devices

test:  load as pkg on freebsd 10 and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   guesses
truth:  load   pkg

test:  convert an xml fragment into a string .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  set the given properties on a model and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  pulls   ssh
truth:  pulls   swap

test:  this only supports windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return an iterator over all getobjdir objects .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  test that duplicate environment variables for basket in a line .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of paths to use .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  uses an image cli examples: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  method to make a suite method from the api call .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  provides   downgrades
truth:  provides   point

test:  convert a raw definition object into a big-endian unsigned .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  given   standardizes
truth:  given   byte

test:  create a new temporary file provided by creating a new coolmagicapplication .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  multi-dimensional aggregate .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  retrieve a resource path from the provided path and return its module .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  tries   tear
truth:  tries   module

test:  delete user .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  deletes   allocate
truth:  deletes   user

test:  returns a sequence of bytes from the given form .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  redirect to the given file attachments url .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  redirect   labeled
truth:  redirect   file

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   define
truth:  compute   path

test:  open the git chapter .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  opens   generate
truth:  opens   users

test:  convert a value of filenames to filenames .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  get a quadratic link from an array and a sorted matrix .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  get the queryset returned by the secrets library .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  convert a path we dont or a egg path to a egg path .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  set the shortcut of a particular object .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  return a datetime object from the given ietf zone .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  given   suggests
truth:  given   timezone

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  module home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  generates a percentage of cookie from the given data .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  returns a random password value .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  generates   emitting
truth:  generates   character

test:  clean orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  clean   borrowed
truth:  clean   instances

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test that creation is greater than the block of this file object .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  this is a helper function to generate the data points for testing matrix .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into json .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  converts an int to its iso integer .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  interpret   shared
truth:  interpret   string

test:  generates a sequence of sequences for the given sequence containing a given sequence of erroneous and repeats text into a file and time .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   sent
truth:  generate   bunch

test:  only return if file_recv is installed .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns the book representation of a databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   enroll
truth:  exhausts   iterator

test:  returns patch data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  simple mavg for calculating the mavg .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  creates a dictionary of bug-reports .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  test freezing a bazaar bazaar .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  test   middleware
truth:  test   clone

test:  simple task to render a snapshot .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   tile
truth:  dumps   information

test:  save the registration code for a user .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  unpickles a tensor .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  wrapper around oob .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  like   processing
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  milestone view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  only load if the timezone module is available .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  validate the iterables number .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  raise   constant_expression_opt
truth:  raise   iterables

test:  get the service entry for a given host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   press
truth:  get   hostname

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  runs a function that returns a triple of a deep pipe .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  load the basic authentication bindings .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  pulls   resizing
truth:  pulls   bindings

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   usage
truth:  load   rows

test:  given an valid config .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   truncate
truth:  commits   savepoint

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  launch the necessary html server for signals .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  allows   dissassociates
truth:  allows   levels

test:  extract an kind from a dictionary of entities .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  extracts   construct
truth:  extracts   kind

test:  view to fix the given warnings and return it as a boolean .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  context   float
truth:  context   decorator

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  returns the secret token .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  upload the context of the flaskbb command processors .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  configures   colorized
truth:  configures   context

test:  export a noargs .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   handles
truth:  export   site

test:  returns a version string from the paths file in the returns the version number appearing .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  search   labeled
truth:  search   file

test:  read a string table from the shared xml .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   gauss
truth:  read   strings

test:  get the datastore used in the database .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  validates that value is a compatible id for use as attributes/arguments .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  check   search
truth:  check   d

test:  validates that value is a positive integer .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  select an attribute from a collection path .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  select   uncheck
truth:  select   element

test:  topologically available trainable ports .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns true if the executable exists .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadata-schema property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  decorator to require that a collection is associated to be a collection .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  requires   reallocation
truth:  requires   collection

test:  returns the login from the login datastore .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  returns true if the given filepath is a file object .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  applies a worker operation on an object .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  stretch a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  dimension   labeled
truth:  dimension   file

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  return the hello plugin .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  format a username to attach the user consumption .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a timestamps .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  function   switch
truth:  function   list

test:  parse authentication entries from sql registry .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  parses   protects
truth:  parses   args

test:  iterate over all the file names and directory .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  iterates   preferred
truth:  iterates   subdirectories

test:  respond with a summary of all detail which are created by the {'is code which contains a summary of all registration code .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  converts an iterable of symbol into an iterable of int .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  print statistics about the numa stats .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  test plotting montages .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  test   triggers
truth:  test   plotting

test:  parse the block request object into an appropriate scalar context .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  process   small_stmts
truth:  process   line

test:  compute gcd of f .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  test that the views were created by the views .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  pulls   routing
truth:  pulls   registry

test:  returns an html file using a regular expression .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  generates a path to a dependency created for all files .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  determines the input length of a convolution given length .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  determines   confirmed
truth:  determines   length

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  elementwise exponential minus one function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  parses and verifies a cookie value from and returns a dict of cookie values .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   bench
truth:  parses   value

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  check if we can query the given lhs .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  validate if the plugin is valid .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  checks   identifies
truth:  checks   plugin

test:  wrapper for page titles .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  abbreviated abbreviated + strip_none .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  tests   tsv
truth:  tests   components

test:  helper function for displaying an email with a given prompts .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns true if the block in the course for the given block .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   catch
truth:  returns   course

test:  test whether the argument is an instance of a number .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  test   utf-8
truth:  test   argument

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the currently selected language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   stretch
truth:  returns   language

test:  test that the move topic method raises an exception when one is not found .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  runs commands as a test suite .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  test   mocked
truth:  test   runner

test:  get minimum loop .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  a class decorator to apply the newobj method of a machine .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  used   enumerates
truth:  used   protocol

test:  volunteer volunteer volunteer controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns a list of items from a pathname .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  creates   define
truth:  creates   path

test:  returns a group topic detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  iterates over the hidden service descriptors in a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   unmap
truth:  iterates   descriptors

test:  this function returns the file or directory .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add multiple exception for yaml .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  initialize   grouping
truth:  initialize   system

test:  gets the value of the key kvs .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  retrieve   unleash
truth:  retrieve   store

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  writes   attriute
truth:  writes   stdout

test:  returns content from a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  view a list of links for a given document .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  list   decreases
truth:  list   documents

test:  transform a list of matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching parameters matching : list of human-readable names .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  rabins polynomial irreducibility in gf(p)[x] .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  calculate   cleaning
truth:  calculate   matrix

test:  generate a resource for executable in a source file .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  return data to an sqlite3 field .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  parse an email address and insert it into booleans .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  scrub   based
truth:  scrub   address

test:  generate a a generator of websocket instances .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generate   sleep
truth:  generate   files

test:  setup the application .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  compute the first sum of the boolean array elements .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   query
truth:  compute   position

test:  handle the basket delete method .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  handle   limiting
truth:  handle   order

test:  return the path of an music resource .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   fill
truth:  return   pathname

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  emit   attribute
truth:  emit   statements

test:  set a pipeline timeout .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  search for releases with the musicbrainz id as dict with an releases key .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  search   instanticates
truth:  search   releases

test:  return a list of nodes from a region or prime points .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   replaced
truth:  return   digits

test:  get a network or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  generate digest of a single dimension of rslices .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return the string - for the first character of the string .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  return true if the query for a true .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  encodes a unicode object into utf-8 if not yet encoded .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  format a argument for the given argument .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a wsgi environment .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  send   backported
truth:  send   handlers

test:  a utility function that prints the values of a list .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  bind the model to an infinite line .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  create   filtering
truth:  create   edit

test:  year patches to export .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  upload an object to a file in the bucket .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the actual log of an http response .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  pulls   increasing
truth:  pulls   pyrax

test:  find and return the user id given a string and anonymous it .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   printing
truth:  set   locale

test:  embed and start an astroid shell in a given shell .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  setup the station device .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  set   behaves
truth:  set   bom

test:  ensure that a directory exists .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get a specific backends .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  returns a list of characters sorted by random samples .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  get   sympy
truth:  get   slice

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   incorporate
truth:  delete   cursor

test:  get list of relationships given a list of layer objects .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  a generator to select an element selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  pulls   grabbing
truth:  pulls   selector

test:  convert input image to a 2d image .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  ensures that the named user does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   allocate
truth:  ensures   user

test:  same as as_sparse_variable .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  multiply   divides
truth:  multiply   matrices

test:  convert an object to dask .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  load   reduces
truth:  load   dask

test:  get the unique elements in the file .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  helper method to create a logout url for a logout method .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  build an error message from network .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   stores
truth:  instantiate   name

test:  extends the user name from the url .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  return a list of valid config instances for a given language .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  use   default
truth:  use   part

test:  create a temporary file .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  copy one or more iterables from file to text .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a base-36 reference string from a specified reference .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator that forces the decorated function to become a view .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  pulls   opening
truth:  pulls   smart_text

test:  ensure we can compile functions with lambda list keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  trims link before and after its selected spaces .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  trims   string
truth:  trims   texts

test:  get the windows registry key .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  retrieves   intialize
truth:  retrieves   root

test:  returns pointer to be passed as a readable database .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  gets a subtitle path to the subtitle root file if it exists .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  tokenizes a given text into a list of words .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  tokenizes   supports
truth:  tokenizes   text

test:  convert a given function to an argument .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  compute   crop
truth:  compute   directory

test:  this is an alloc of the index s for useless .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  initialize a file descriptor .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   boot
truth:  parse   dot

test:  configure the remote port to send the windows environment .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  returns an instance of the findtext .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  find   uncheck
truth:  find   element

test:  simple terminal .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  displays   evpn
truth:  displays   schema

test:  ensure image is present in the computenode name : string uuid of images or volume .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   forwards
truth:  ensure   image

test:  given a relative url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  resolve   access
truth:  resolve   url

test:  tuple of tuples .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  remove   query
truth:  remove   position

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  exponential linear unit function .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove special folders which are created during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  refresher decorator .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   skills
truth:  fetches   track

test:  generate a flat map map for the given readnonwhitespace .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  validate a locale .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  make   printing
truth:  make   locale

test:  check if x corresponding to x .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  handle lists/arrays of a dataset or a list of tuples .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  flip   sparsedataset
truth:  flip   indices

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  returns the identity identity for the given user object if found .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require a conda package .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  restart the named task .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  run   calculate
truth:  run   windows

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension name .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  function for checking if theres a diskspace .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  check and convert added gcrs since additionally additionally at least one gcrs .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  sends a dtc code .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  returns   httperror
truth:  returns   digit

test:  a docstring .
truth: like @property . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  vote or undo vote on a request and all of its id .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the cycle graph with the given extensions .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete all cookies that are not in the session .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  delete   unenroll
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   were
truth:  gets   property

test:  generate an url for a thin upload .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  runs   bounds
truth:  runs   table

test:  example string from cisco ios: processor board id ftx1000008x return the serial_number .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   shared
truth:  obtain   string

test:  get a server by name .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  avoid text lineage in development certificate lineage .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  computation -> int return a python object .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  serializes   bootstraps
truth:  serializes   callable

test:  extract a zip zip member from a zip file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  extract   blink
truth:  extract   zip

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the unique name of the state definition .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   restart
truth:  ensure   account

test:  parse a mapping file and return a dictionary of functionannotation objects .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   presents
truth:  parse   mapping

test:  return a path to the directory where we are using .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   rescue
truth:  transform   vector3

test:  converts unicode strings to utf-8 encoded representation .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  list all password on the account .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   protect
truth:  list   ips

test:  ensure that a specified user is absent for the specified object .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   be
truth:  ensure   acl

test:  test for a model into an error .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  try   regenerate
truth:  try   nltk

test:  assemble a module function to assemble a js function .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  assemble   labeled
truth:  assemble   file

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  pulls   pack
truth:  pulls   edge

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  check that distances are shown and that the time has changed .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  a view that tests that the json httpresponse into a response object .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  returns the instance metadata for an instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   post_save
truth:  returns   metadata

test:  decorator to run an executor method in a transaction .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the gaussian deviation of the given iterable .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  drop stray .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   resample
truth:  drop   directories

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> string convert a property name into a url .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  continuously read lines from a string or as a list of tuples .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  return   iterates
truth:  return   comment

test:  get the firewall status .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  show   finalize
truth:  show   firewall

test:  create an lvm response for a given data .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  predicate to run the args for creating and application .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  better gpu for single gpu .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  pulls   landing
truth:  pulls   sum

test:  helper function to write the pickled metadata to file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a google cloud storage file with incomplete incomplete path .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  make sure hosts defined in the role .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   prefilled
truth:  make   hosts

test:  evaluates an xml string from a binary-valued object .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  create two 2d cycle of a 3d matrix with step shifted == n and fstruct2 == 1 .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  returns   descend
truth:  returns   edges

test:  modify section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   alignment
truth:  modify   section

test:  return a list of : mappings for an entire indexer .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  transform unconstrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation to unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer parameters n : array unconstrained : array of variables .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  transform   offset
truth:  transform   parameters

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  given a program name return the program current user name .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  convenience wrapper for creating a function with the given args and keyword arguments .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  function   roundrobin
truth:  function   application

test:  check if the given locale is a babel locale .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return base classes in base order for an loops .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  return   limiting
truth:  return   order

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  strips matching prefix and intersects the substrings and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  strips   nose
truth:  strips   prefix

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   clearing
truth:  read   meta

test:  return true if the given filename is an extension module .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  renders the jinja2 jinja2 just two things for this problem .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  returns information about the installed version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  display   populating
truth:  display   info

test:  converts a datetime .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   establish
truth:  convert   py

test:  set failure from a wiki wiki page .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  exponential linear unit function .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  computes   intrepret
truth:  computes   pdf

test:  return an httpresponse with the data json-serialized for the given response .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  return the number of virtual machine memory allocated .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  allocate   squares
truth:  allocate   percent

test:  returns the specified milestones of the milestones api namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  creates a pivoting model with pivot .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  calculate mean and target_image of an image using the region of each di loss .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  calculate   negotiate
truth:  calculate   loss

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  wrap a function with one argument to more than one .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  memoize   float
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  construct a simplepipelineengine object for a given object .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  provide   enhanced
truth:  provide   object

test:  converts an exception string to a response object .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  mask to convert missing values to missing .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  used to search and return google cloud loadbalancers .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  returns   document
truth:  returns   brackets

test:  parse the cps code for a code string and return the resulting dict .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  reorder unifrac objects according to following one .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  read head head position text file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   overwrites
truth:  read   shape

test:  returns a string with length applied to a raw string .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  print msg and optionally exit with an error code .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  dump   extended
truth:  dump   exit

test:  iterates over n .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  define the configuration from the provided config .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  searches   deflate
truth:  searches   config

test:  generate nodes for a directed network .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  search   looping
truth:  search   node

test:  prints all }} .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  simple wrapper to get the inventory from the inventory dictionary .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  check that the inputtogpuoptimizer game performs one inputs .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   expression_opt
truth:  test   astropy

test:  returns whether the given get is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  true if *uri* can be used within a valid uri and has a docker .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an integer to a string .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test general boolean values .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  akaike information criterion with small sample correction parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  return a markdown text that renders a html page .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  markdown   hits
truth:  markdown   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  adds a message with the warning level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  use this function to exit critical .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  logs   unbinds
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  delay kernel kernel parameters spec : 1d kernel kernel version number of network data .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  expands   simulate
truth:  expands   spec

test:  delete all keys from spacewalk cli example: .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   review
truth:  delete   keys

test:  return return information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  computes the reconstructions is visible to a given builtin .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  adds a error message to the error codes .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  add   polynomials
truth:  add   codes

test:  ensure a specific configuration line exists in the running search for the given search name the name of the line to set examples: .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  replace   borrowed
truth:  replace   instances

test:  return a context manager for the current request .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return qr qr decomposition of an array .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  computes   grants
truth:  computes   decomposition

test:  get values in a interpolation .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  return   interact
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this is an icon boolean .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  returns the mac address representation of a mac address .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  generate   outline
truth:  generate   hex

test:  return a list of services cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  normalizes a dns unicode representation into a bytestring .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  installs a specific implementation of the given parameters .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   bytes
truth:  searches   album

test:  read an array of field data and return it .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  join a rabbitmq-plugin event .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  decode a base64 encoded task body into a dictionary of encoding .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decodes   whiteboard
truth:  decodes   payload

test:  this could be an expression of the gradient in a local distributions .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode a unicode string .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  guess   unifies
truth:  guess   encoding

test:  list to summaries that have been given summaries .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  ensure a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  generate a helper to generate a git script .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generates   optimized
truth:  generates   script

test:  restart the specified service on the rest_sample .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  this function prints out the gui .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  pulls   parens
truth:  pulls   figure

test:  determine error message from determine whether it exists .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  the entry point .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  format   switch
truth:  format   list

test:  setup logging for the given logging .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  this is called with main level of the connections .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse out the stimclient event .
truth: given an event . 
test:  given   rescales
truth:  given   event

test:  try to simplify and combine tensorproducts .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  simplify   assembles
truth:  simplify   coefficients

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  gets the c* active arguments" .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   paginates
truth:  list   queues

test:  send a notification about an event group .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   clones
truth:  send   server

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   decide
truth:  change   groups

test:  returns the oneline .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  verify that the specified python is installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   flip
truth:  verify   python

test:  compute the __doc__ for up a base .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  join   flip
truth:  join   python

test:  provides a data path from a datastore .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return strategy for the given strategy .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  send http request to github credentials .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  processes   extract
truth:  processes   version

test:  compare before and after clearing each appearance .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   understemmed
truth:  compare   results

test:  reads the new secret from the given secret and returns it .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  writes   bench
truth:  writes   value

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the data received .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   tend
truth:  return   chunk

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  reads a file in the given name .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  estimate the series of quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the number of indentation .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  return the html date for the specified user .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  return   multivariate
truth:  return   blocks

test:  right barcodes of the mapping for duplicates .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decorator to declare which hdmi_boost the result of a function to be a public function as an apiproxystub .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  add   flip
truth:  add   python

test:  read lsm sequence of float data from file and return as list .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return a path to the file attachment .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create a complete django module from the given module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  makes   compiles
truth:  makes   suite

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  write a table .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  returns true if the key configuration has been enabled .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this is a list of values_mapper: .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  trims   summarize
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  convert a local path to a local local name .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  given a path .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add an application to the volume .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   roundrobin
truth:  add   application

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  writes datachars to writer .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   cutting
truth:  writes   writer

test:  get a users valid user or an user model object .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  check if a vlan exists on the cluster .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  when given date and single datetime objects need to extract them .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  tests   initializing
truth:  tests   trigger

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  nice nice node info for a dictionary of display .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  print   looping
truth:  print   node

test:  open a repository in a given new path .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  spawn   command
truth:  spawn   session

test:  returns first position for p .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  convert a action function which stores the name of the jobsub from the given jobsub .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  creates   decrease
truth:  creates   action

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  a custom test for an custom custom completion error .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  returns the timezone associated with the given timezone .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  add a slash .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  destroy the named type .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  add a repository to a team with team_name .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  issue update statements on behalf of a relationship() which specifies post_update .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  issue   attribute
truth:  issue   statements

test:  run a shell engine and process the given engine .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  return   mixed
truth:  return   engine

test:  view for basic document attachment .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns a list of nolint checks for managing .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns divequal .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  test that column and morphological arrays dont clip .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  get the notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  cache   analyzes
truth:  cache   size

test:  check whether checksums is a fits file .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  this method will return an entrance exam as a dict whose keys were not found in the corresponding exam request .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  returns seqrecord objects for the given file .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  initiate a redis server cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  splits a template into list of images to work with artifacts .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  split   explore
truth:  split   segments

test:  detach a volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  logs and convert previous tips to tips .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  ask for a color .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   detects
truth:  ask   color

test:  return true if n == a positive integer .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  is   seq
truth:  is   fft

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  compute a hash for an md5 hash .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $bindir .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  provides a file path from a path .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  convert a nested list to a flat list of dicts .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   eliminates
truth:  flatten   elements

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   examines
truth:  encode   peak

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate an un-computable iterators passes through the given number of elements recovery .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  remove the named sysv service .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  creates appropriate database using params and expected database .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   populates
truth:  creates   params

test:  get a store from uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  sort the distributions of the plot .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  sort   restoring
truth:  sort   data

test:  ensure that g has been kwarg into a valid selinux status .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  validates   inverts
truth:  validates   statuses

test:  convert list to a list of uuids .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  provide a duration of a number .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  detect whether the given path is in a dependency .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  detects   define
truth:  detects   path

test:  add the list of tuples to history .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  indicate   rearranges
truth:  indicate   import

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  define a list of tuples .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  define   wait
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  a base class .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  pulls   belong
truth:  pulls   hook

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set a list of loads or iterable .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  sets   were
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect handling of two signals .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  connect   extends
truth:  connect   signals

test:  construct a new logical volume of a propositional logical and a new colormap .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated function is added to the existing selector selector .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  expected salt module .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  compare   reported
truth:  compare   function

test:  render a running system .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  render   outputs
truth:  render   pages

test:  loads a file .
truth: open history . 
test:  open   remove
truth:  open   history

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  read in the contents of the config file .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get or set the radial interactive plot for a plot .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  only work on gentoo systems with riak installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  confine   encode
truth:  confine   mac

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install the docker task for a centos task .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  parse a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  single expr minus single step direct | minus checking .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  store filename in a file .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  returns true if and only if minc is installed .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  connect to amazon cloudwatch :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  connect   satisfy
truth:  connect   container

test:  move source file from sources to a destination .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   unlocking
truth:  move   source

test:  attempt to remove a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  returns true if the value can be sent .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  returns the markup; counts at the top of g noise .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  compute   commits
truth:  compute   sensitivity

test:  launches a dialog with a given collection_id .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   xfail
truth:  launches   help

test:  test verifying calls to fastprint .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  build a sitemap tasks for the given locale .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   sleep
truth:  build   files

test:  constructs a facet field from a document_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  system information type 7 section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  plot multiple image and a single image .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  send traffic to inform observers .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  send   rescales
truth:  send   event

test:  run freebsd-update on boot .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this function is a registered function for a key .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  determine whether or not given image is a valid generic match .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  search   printed
truth:  search   pattern

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the list of the records records for the given row of the data .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  return an instance of a directory .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  extract a large generated from the given parsed fraction .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  return   shed
truth:  return   exception

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   forget
truth:  returns   inverse

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  parses a uri using a ldl component .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a original original original object for the given original original items .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  add faces from faces .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  rgb to rgb cie color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  transform   pulls
truth:  transform   null

test:  helper function to format an image notification for a given image .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  given   deactivate
truth:  given   glance

test:  renders the home page .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  wraps up a single reloader .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  stream   bring
truth:  stream   page

test:  validates a program and return it .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  convert a name into a nodesplit name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  fail on xpath .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  pulls   rewrites
truth:  pulls   xpath

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  set the preferred time zone for the channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  sets   rect
truth:  sets   work

test:  compute the square matrix x as an ndarray .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  return   mutate
truth:  return   column

test:  tests that in-db and in-db units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  test the gui twice function .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  get a docs file name from a source file .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  retrieve   removing
truth:  retrieve   parse

test:  creates a list of functions that apply to a list of the same function .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   attempt
truth:  split   extension

test:  ask for a filename to save laid .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  wait for a volume to become accessible .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string with alpha and filesystem-safe filesystem-safe .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  return 18 without plus plus headers .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   derive
truth:  return   templates

test:  create the current stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  gets telemetry data for the user .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  add item to db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get status of write events for a task .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  view   located
truth:  view   method

test:  retrieve metadata for the given place .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  returns a model object based on the given app_label .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns a list of tuples from readline into a single space .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all specification for a given qos_specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  renders markdown text to html .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  given   surround
truth:  given   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  quote the given string .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  format a datetime object for pem format .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  transform individual index definition to index definition .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   emits
truth:  transform   definition

test:  fetches information of a specific security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   tile
truth:  fetches   information

test:  fetches a valid exploration id for the given user and user .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup the default instance for a database .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  test the keypoints censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for the moon filter .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  upload the rsync directory to the rsync .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  uploads   forgot
truth:  uploads   project

test:  gets the cloud cloud credentials .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  get   skipped
truth:  get   use

test:  create a service options for the given service .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  run the wx event loop .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  sends an admins message .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  generate a list of vertices representing the given manifest .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  get the guess version .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  grab   extract
truth:  grab   version

test:  return an instance of the distance command and power of type .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated value as a string .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  enqueues a course update for the given update and update it .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  returns true if filename is a valid file .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  lettuce can run only the specified scenario .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  look for a acoustid using the plus fingerprint .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  apply   post_save
truth:  apply   metadata

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as recursive functions instead of repr() functions .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  create a program for the given curdoc()) .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  determines that the expression name is unknown .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  creates   debugging
truth:  creates   dataset

test:  gets information about the certificate footer and returns the certificate footer .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of tuples for all of the given job .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  x is a n*m matrix where x and x is different at the x .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  create   iterator
truth:  create   kernel

test:  return error details of a dates .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  descend   restoring
truth:  descend   data

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  validates that the specified length of the package name is valid .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   guessing
truth:  destroy   namespace

test:  ensures that a plotly dictionary is in plotly .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensure   demonstrates
truth:  ensure   setup

test:  returns an instance of the first applicable in the applicable .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  pulls   waitfordeferred
truth:  pulls   monkey

test:  generates a dictionary of entities from a key/value pairs .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  map   reported
truth:  map   function

test:  add allocated_id just the larger table .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  given a project activity from a sparse year .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read a utf8 encoded dict .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   drops
truth:  wrap   call

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  pulls   removing
truth:  pulls   parse

test:  performs metagenomeseqs css decomposition of a directory on a browser file .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  generate coverage to represent the java source files for the specified package .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  returns   translates
truth:  returns   flags

test:  sample the number of bytes for a string .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  filter   reported
truth:  filter   function

test:  readings version list x where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  call the sauce .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  required   server_root
truth:  required   opts

test:  push a single registry to an image .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  push   forwards
truth:  push   image

test:  initializes the specified routing table .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialise   bounds
truth:  initialise   table

test:  get a key_pair or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  function to get the list of completed code for a single question .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  get   target_expressing
truth:  get   question

test:  pop arguments to preserve .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   instantiate
truth:  composes   arguments

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   bench
truth:  skip   value

test:  this method returns true if the django app is enabled use the c feature .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  check   format_alignment
truth:  check   authentication

test:  provide the user for a group in .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  prompts   allocate
truth:  prompts   user

test:  transpose a subsequently connection and compatibility between two 32-bit values .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  emulate   preprocessing
truth:  emulate   char

test:  get the fully qualified hostname .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  to make things little bit more campaign .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  test equalization of channels .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  set up the scsgate switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  add   fixed
truth:  add   scenario

test:  returns an iterator over the nodes in breadth-first-search from source .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  restful crud controller for dynamic priority .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a standard minfo format for the given outgoings .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  insert   assume
truth:  insert   header

test:  tests that the service elements are on the service .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  get all instances belonging to a instance .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   borrowed
truth:  get   instances

test:  depth first search path from a search string .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  depth   dos
truth:  depth   search

test:  change the data structure to a file .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  changes   populating
truth:  changes   info

test:  get a list of stored wanna objects for a project .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  get   determine
truth:  get   projects

test:  converts string to utf-8 and unicode .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return the current depth .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  determines   downloading
truth:  determines   package

test:  stop the geonode process .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  find just just like empty line markers .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  yields chunks of data from location specified .
truth: given a location . 
test:  given   widening
truth:  given   location

test:  add orbits for gcode .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  stop a service .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  checks if service is valid .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  map   specifies
truth:  map   methods

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  generate   forbid
truth:  generate   options

test:  expand arguments into parts .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  checks whether an user is a qurl .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  command name auto-correct .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  command   twitter
truth:  command   auto

test:  rheader for summary views .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  for a theme based on the current request .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  return the default hello .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  parse   decoding
truth:  parse   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  helper function to extract information from a dictionary of instances .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  given   xlsx
truth:  given   query

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  copied from swift before the x_container_sync_point[12] columns were added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforexsync .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   unblock
truth:  copied   swift

test:  i have sent an email with incorrect in the body: .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  given a string of words .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  sanitize an a hostname .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all modules .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   stores
truth:  loads   name

test:  helper function to parse a query string .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  function   xlsx
truth:  function   query

test:  prints wrapper to make sure that processes that it does not fail unless the given function fails .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  log   unbinds
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  escapes a single etag: exception .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  enroll student of ccx .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  manage   progress
truth:  manage   enrollment

test:  mangle the type of the type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  mangle   teardown
truth:  mangle   type

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   doctest
truth:  compute   remainder

test:  load an iterable of all python apps from the given directory .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   spawns
truth:  ensure   endpoint

test:  add an iam token to the users v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  validates a generated metadata map file and gradient gradient .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  ensures   transliterate
truth:  ensures   variable

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  plot the text metrics for a particular project .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   sift
truth:  plot   metric

test:  returns all students enrolled in the course with a particular course .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  mysql render a single string .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  returns the contents of a service .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  fetches   stores
truth:  fetches   name

test:  download a postgres package from a remote location .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  generate a random random number .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  returns the radial frequency erfinv function .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   stubbed
truth:  learns   headers

test:  return a list of dict that have been locks on the system .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  retrieve a field name for the given model .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  help   obj
truth:  help   filters

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  generate the first plugin names .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return a dictionary where each item in the given dictionary is found .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  returns   minpoly(add
truth:  returns   words

test:  remove single quotes and shouldnt all side of a renewablecert .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  handle   asarray
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders fields in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   masks
truth:  renders   jinja2

test:  avoid duplicating page param in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   deal
truth:  avoid   param

test:  retrieve course enrollment using dispatcher or instructor and return it as a default enrollment .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a filename from an image path .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  filename   wanted
truth:  filename   filename

test:  args tid: thread id data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for a md5sum .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  return the distribution installed in dist_name from <config-common-log> .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  a scenario with scenario should respond with true when the scenario has the expected value .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  the first scenario tags should have a feature .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  replace any tied characters in a string .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  reconstruct the that! name of a long .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  use   rasied
truth:  use   ctypes

test:  compare two paths and seq2: generators .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  get a network with the the the the the name of the network .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  gets   killed
truth:  gets   network

test:  make sure we dont crash if an error is called .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  test   storing
truth:  test   template

test:  get a metadef properties .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  run all skipped tests .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  render a jinja environment with a jinja directory .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  evaluate   result
truth:  evaluate   recipe

test:  converts a unicode string into a dict of unicode keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  do a file named path .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  if a python unicode string begins at the start of a specified period .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   place
truth:  view   generator

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   sympy
truth:  returns   slice

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  fetches a list of all groups of all configured security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  creates a l2 gw dict for the specified tenant .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  change transaction primary primary address to user .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  change   based
truth:  change   address

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  add exception to requests .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  formatting   unbinds
truth:  formatting   exceptions

test:  gets the deprecated tense .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  add a file to the given path .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  plot error for each observation in the given color .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   capturing
truth:  plot   error

test:  this method performs the standard deviation of the input pairs .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  reduces   lstrip
truth:  reduces   set

test:  the main peak object .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  return volumes that match all volumes in a generic volume group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  when a modbus microsite microsite is created .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  archive   pulls
truth:  archive   null

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  returns the api time calls for the highest limit .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  restore a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  get a client configuration object for a vserver .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   unload
truth:  get   client

test:  group a dataframe and return dataframe values .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  computes   regressiont
truth:  computes   index

test:  returns the messages and delete it .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  get   prioritized
truth:  get   messages

test:  convert emails to a collection of smtp .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   equalize
truth:  sends   email

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the query afterwards * this tamper script works
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  initialize globals .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  importing   pulls
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve login url to the login page .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  gets   access
truth:  gets   url

test:  truncate a parameter to a previously exponential height .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  truncates   pulls
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  element-wise truth value of .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  transposes   providing
truth:  transposes   tensor

test:  puts() should print unicode output without a stream prefix .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize a finder command .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   rank
truth:  display   finder

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  for a template .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  for an api operation .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  format a exclusive exclusive exclusive in order to be used in a slicing .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  step plugin lists .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  creates the country codes for the user .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  returns the ring of the graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  defines   base64
truth:  defines   ring

test:  helper for release a message to add a message to a message object .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  redirects   pulls
truth:  redirects   null

test:  send a message to the users recipient .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  add a path to the ckan graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  of the dot product of a .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  pulls   registers
truth:  pulls   product

test:  download the contents of a given invoice file against the invoice number .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   intrepret
truth:  download   pdf

test:  get the bpm file path for the given config .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  creates   fixes
truth:  creates   manager

test:  parse the first options from the environment and returns a dictionary .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  returns a dictionary of information about the local packages .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  replaces page_key from writing to latitude/longitude .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replaces   drawing
truth:  replaces   tags

test:  generic hack for all ccx in the ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  generate a datetime object from a given time .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  generating   pulls
truth:  generating   null

test:  get the md5 checksum of a file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  given a valid nxm field .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  make   inform
truth:  make   entry

test:  associate specified volume type with specified qos specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   teardown
truth:  associate   type

test:  convert from cartesian to spherical cart .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   launch
truth:  convert   coordinates

test:  transliterate unicode to ascii characters .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  change   flashes
truth:  change   characters

test:  register the new plugin .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  parse the response for a epsv request .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  parses a cost cost .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   pre
truth:  parses   equation

test:  test freezing a git repository with two or more siteresources .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  test   unparsing
truth:  test   git

test:  test test for unpickling .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   throw
truth:  adds   x

test:  compute the input descent using r values from the input matrix to compute the values of iteration .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  pulls   skip
truth:  pulls   difference

test:  to create a valid children in order .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   banned
truth:  create   children

test:  returns the current error to happen in mb .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  returns a list of block_ids for autoescaping .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get namespaces .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   guessing
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  deletes a comment methods and all comments for a given comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  dispatches   decrease
truth:  dispatches   action

test:  return the current root directory .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  install and creates a new app .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  for cross compatibility with the given name .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  compile   bench
truth:  compile   value

test:  get solid output by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  convert a simple ipv6 address in development format to a message .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  get a list of hit identifiers from a cloud profile .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  retrieve   hostname
truth:  retrieve   vm

test:  return a relative path to a resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  ensures that the doctest name is set correctly .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  return a list of applied key cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  fetch google cloud storage from the google api .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   dos
truth:  fetch   search

test:  clean up files in a list .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   attempt
truth:  remove   extension

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   jump
truth:  add   pixel

test:  fixes a single .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  try   disabling
truth:  try   filenames

test:  sets the suspend status .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the login protected view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   parsefile
truth:  get   descriptor

test:  decode a string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  default dictionary of global review community .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  update addons+collections collections .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   hooked
truth:  update   downloads

test:  check if a variable is an instance of a line .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  determine   constructs
truth:  determine   lock

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  ask for a question; .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  matrix expr .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  trace   cleaning
truth:  trace   matrix

test:  tests that clean up simple info file with aws n321 .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  extract the index key from a filename or an index .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  validate if the user is valid .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  check   urlencode
truth:  check   item

test:  run the execution and return the results of the underlying function .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  converts a string digest to a list of non-empty tuples .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  calculate the remaining remaining remaining and uses start date to optionally the organization in the given start date .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   support
truth:  calculate   time

test:  classify random 16x16 color images into several classes using logistic regression with convolutional hidden layer .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   zoom
truth:  classify   vectors

test:  parse the given source filename and return a python object .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   unlocking
truth:  parse   source

test:  generate json object from a dict .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  converts   svn
truth:  converts   dicts

test:  python version of pyimport_getimporter .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  ensure that the container agent is enabled .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   reading
truth:  ensure   agent

test:  return an integer value corresponding to the given offset .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  get   linkify
truth:  get   integer

test:  create a delfacl from an dvd filesystem .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  applies the 2nd and rotation for the unit dimensions of a tensor with the non-direct dimensions .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  add a previous previous and add an previous previous previous state to check that they add .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  test unique elements .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  main function for ansible group .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  test mne images .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   latex
truth:  test   mne

test:  return vtk .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  packs a boolean property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  gives the size of the given type .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  return   given
truth:  return   register

test:  uses the body of a new formatted result .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  change an application error to a vector3 error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  calculate -> int list arguments: symbol -- a dict of symbol to be present on success or have no symbol .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  calculate   deployed
truth:  calculate   symbols

test:  cache an user id for a username .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  caching   files
truth:  caching   check

test:  create a new loopback hosted for the given amp .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  given a class .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  extract the zero point value from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  determine   prepopulates
truth:  determine   bits

test:  recursively find all files in directory and return matching a list of filenames .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  finds   beginning
truth:  finds   glob

test:  test test a line of lines .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  add an empty file to all files .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  expression_opt stage should not have a stage .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  inform   allocate
truth:  inform   user

test:  converts db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test that show_all_categories works with key-value pairs .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a list of fits positive numbers .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  converts known rectangular to cartesian .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   launch
truth:  converts   coordinates

test:  returns true if the given model is an orm field .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  returns   pushing
truth:  returns   model

test:  create a new toplevel widget .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  setup the demo sensors .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  tests that in-db units and functioning are marked as boolean and that the on-disk revision is not saved .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   highlights
truth:  tests   update

test:  create a new compiler compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  remove notification from a file .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  moves   l{twisted
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  return the login for the specified user .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  test intervals with table for inverse computation .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  reads reads the given config file .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  generate inheritance on system inheritance .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  return the registry cache directory .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   eliminating
truth:  return   cache

test:  updates remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  execute   domain
truth:  execute   fetch

test:  returns expired sessions for a device .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  returns   implement
truth:  returns   sessions

test:  gets a test .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  split the first column of the first word into a list of images .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  filters out the nth sentence .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  solve   teardown
truth:  solve   type

test:  remove the headers from the response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  removes   stubbed
truth:  removes   headers

test:  simulate a function that returns net at the given floating point number .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  replaces a commit in the repository log .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  given   disappear
truth:  given   commit

test:  reads the profile model or in the given settings .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  do some math .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   fixes
truth:  test   manager

test:  compute the periodogram matrix at x .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a dict with keys of the given old style .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  replace   supports
truth:  replace   text

test:  delete a key=value pair cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  delete   enabled
truth:  delete   nova

test:  tell worker(s) to send a command .
truth: hold election . 
test:  hold   pulls
truth:  hold   null

test:  test when a python virtualenv is created .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  test   mail
truth:  test   creation

test:  uninstall an image from the specified virtual machine cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   registers
truth:  uninstall   product

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   stubbed
truth:  asserts   headers

test:  return a sparse matrix of the sparse matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  returns the number of subtasks that have been set of subtasks .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  determines   sparks
truth:  determines   number

test:  given an email address .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  gets   randomise
truth:  gets   message

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  decorator used to require that should be routed for detail requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  copy keys in a dictionary .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  generates   forgets
truth:  generates   filesystem

test:  retrieve the users password for a users user .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  stop gradient of the tensorflow gradient .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get a list of all slave nodes from a slave .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  returns   responds
truth:  returns   database

test:  checks to see if the file exists .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  returns the distance between any linkage .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns an array of values .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  take   restrict
truth:  take   array

test:  set a public key values in the config file .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  sets   listen
truth:  sets   key

test:  add an array to the large group .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  return lines in a string .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  replaces the delete and add it to the template context .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  list the named container path path to a container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   paste
truth:  list   containers

test:  the pty color for a color .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  decorator to make sure the decorated method is in the class .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  verifies username using a specified user .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  verified   pulls
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true iff there is a related hash of two related == 1 .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  some decorator which will wrap the version to be used as deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  indicates   reported
truth:  indicates   function

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   offset
truth:  indicates   parameters

test:  return property extension from indicating according to an publish_collection_and_update_user_profiles extension property .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   was
truth:  change   uid

test:  wrapper around date and returns current date .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  returns   known
truth:  returns   utc

test:  converts a penn treebank ii tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  delete the cors cors for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   freezing
truth:  delete   configuration

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   stripping
truth:  providing   step

test:  equate the points by the equate points .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  equate   algorithm
truth:  equate   points

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  decorates a previously webpack over all the properties .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   reserializes
truth:  register   widget

test:  test for issue mysql .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the package or class value for the field .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  see rendering .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  force x to a list .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  generate combining combining tool name from a string of comment .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  retrieves the document from a json blob .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  upload a html page to the given data .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  return the path to a relative file .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  unzip   labeled
truth:  unzip   file

test:  a helper function to create a mock to replace the open file .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  mock   reported
truth:  mock   function

test:  verifies that the tpot class name is preserved by .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  pulls   were
truth:  pulls   property

test:  checks api version .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  checks   default
truth:  checks   part

test:  return an iterator that is soft or raise if it does not exist .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  stack   port
truth:  stack   helper

test:  create symmetrical log locator with default parameters .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  pool for a matrices .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  returns   cover
truth:  returns   weight

test:  validate the configuration and return a thomson scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  commit a list of servers to commit .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  lists   mounts
truth:  lists   objects

test:  get geometry output dictionary .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  get an application from the current system .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   resizes
truth:  return   icon

test:  read count 64-bit float using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  :meth: a list of the :meth: .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  pulls   supplement
truth:  pulls   synonym

test:  get the list of dns entries for the current tenant .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  returns reports message from reports reports .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  tests bio .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  formats the provided value to make a human-readable option value .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  only return if python-consul is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer or 0 or 0 .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  set up the netatmo devices .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   divide
truth:  setup   tracker

test:  check that password values are valid .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  insures   terminate
truth:  insures   password

test:  use getch .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  retrieve a list of time zones from a country time .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return whether or not a path is present .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test y .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   gated
truth:  test   wether

test:  encode polyline points and relevant points .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encodes   algorithm
truth:  encodes   points

test:  return true is job is job successfully .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  create the temporary folders .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the sdist .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  retrieve all attachment records for specific attachment .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  retrieve   substitute
truth:  retrieve   records

test:  return the estimated .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns list of shared document for given user .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  strips pattern from a list of possible scenarios .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  clean   stores
truth:  clean   name

test:  create a new array of data from the positive tables .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  build   usage_key_string
truth:  build   view

test:  check if page is available .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  checks   advance
truth:  checks   title

test:  copy a list of dictionaries .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  a decorator for timing receivers to cause any active credentials .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  pulls   unload
truth:  pulls   client

test:  remove virt api bridge .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  default   deserialized
truth:  default   bridge

test:  a function to find all variables for a given template .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  return   storing
truth:  return   template

test:  make a new computenode .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  move   backs
truth:  move   mean

test:  compute the inverse integer along the initializer interpolation .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   xor
truth:  compute   scale

test:  check that sparse reference a proper reference matrix .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  evaluates   flattens
truth:  evaluates   output

test:  fetches a list of all configured keypair for a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  decorator for benchmarks that do not change the xml tree .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  inject custom aws aws commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  called   authorizes
truth:  called   command

test:  given a sum of two int .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the commonfooter for a given python file .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  returns   sampled
truth:  returns   footer

test:  copy the source object into a copy of the matrix .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   crowding
truth:  copy   docstring

test:  test for issue #5617 when appropriate arguments will be created .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   failing
truth:  updates   style

test:  returns a dictionary of strings .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  read   aristas
truth:  read   titles

test:  escapes a value for when given value is valid .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  given the points .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  find   returned
truth:  find   numbers

test:  download the global namespace of this file .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  encode a number as a hex string into the number .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   reviewing
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a given single role for a user on a domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  given a string signature and a fused specific type .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  called after building the site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  attempt to load the unsafe dataset .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  returns the similarity of two lazy numbers as a number between two strings .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  given two possible datetimes .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $bindir .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  attaches a pcap for the specified pcap name .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  return   igor
truth:  return   device

test:  return all students metrics for this problem .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals with dates .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  skip a varint value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   confirmed
truth:  skip   length

test:  a helper method for sending the json string .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   aliased
truth:  callback   json

test:  return a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  show a navigation item used for example in user/read_base .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   compressing
truth:  build   menu

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  clean the filename .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  github   disabling
truth:  github   filenames

test:  add a offsetboxes and the result to the given box .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  surround   pulls
truth:  surround   null

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  mask is equal to node matches the expression .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  asserts   blend
truth:  asserts   mask

test:  return return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  takes color(s) in a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the pid from a process and a dictionary .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  validate an interface for the conversion .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  lookup   reported
truth:  lookup   function

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  only load if the pip module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   supply
truth:  load   redis

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   inform
truth:  update   entry

test:  given a specific header name .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  construct the exact appear from a n-dimensional array .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  simplify   configured
truth:  simplify   tree

test:  get a list of tuples .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  return   optdict
truth:  return   lines

test:  converts a vif model to a network name .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  converts   autoreleased
truth:  converts   types

test:  greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  pulls   endpoint
truth:  pulls   divisor

test:  decrypts the user .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  apply   prioritized
truth:  apply   messages

test:  validate an boolean power of type only if groups is actually a valid power .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  check   implementing
truth:  check   management

test:  get the list of inline callables in the other callables .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   depending
truth:  run   callables

test:  bins data from a reimplementation score .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the biggest .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  returns a dict of license ids .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  start the worker .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  setup   deallocate
truth:  setup   worker

test:  compares two strings and b .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   disallow
truth:  compare   identifiers

test:  return an arbitrary elements of iterable object .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  uses a node to read a simple print out of an interface .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  ensure an apache module is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  fixture providing a fake subclade and register it into a bindings .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  create   alter
truth:  create   mock

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  checks to see if all finite and dtype are all finite .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  ensure that the voigt model was initialized correctly .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  include all consistency groups matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   singular
truth:  include   volumes

test:  test latitude validator .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  parse a resource description from a json schema .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  register a new modeladmin class .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yields indices of ints whose names is a single list of tuples .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  returns a codegen object for the qt y .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a initialise .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  config   contructs
truth:  config   sample

test:  load a document bindings for a failure .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  converts an integer to a int and converts it to a dictionary .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  factorial of sequences .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests that the memoryerrors object is valid and can be read only a link object .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  given a program for a specific instance_type .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  checks facet name is not too long and matches facet names .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  a helper function to generate a flash mode .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  stop the specified container container id .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  toggle control register data strobe bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  compute a normalized secret for a given fe_type .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  computes   orthoganlize
truth:  computes   hash

test:  a decorator that ignores an attribute of the get method .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  create   decompressed
truth:  create   proxies

test:  update_many path is a valid updates file .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  update   shared
truth:  update   string

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   creating
truth:  create   transfer

test:  transform the response headers .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  flatten a nested list into chunks .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  create an dataset .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  returns a lashed from a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  ensure that assigning to compile invalid setv .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   asarray
truth:  ensure   cases

test:  returns a trace for a given object .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  compute connectivity from a spatio-temporal network compute the compute namespaces .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  register the new article object .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return an fundamental validator .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  calculate fitness for given genome .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  unbind a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  utility function: => $h$6 .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return true if the function is running .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  review review ui for a given change .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  log   entries
truth:  log   review

test:  helper for protobuf to dhcp_option_id a message .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  find a match for a given pattern .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  clears the given history .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  clears   history

test:  permanently delete a trashed .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   suggest
truth:  delete   folder

test:  returns the atlas .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  if wildcards is an xblock .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   spawns
truth:  add   endpoint

test:  marks markdown text as digests used .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  returns only those file extension .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  display the current database version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  print   deconvolves
truth:  print   level

test:  approx of least squares .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert textfile to text file or recipe id .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  vectorize   labeled
truth:  vectorize   file

test:  proportions of means .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a qimage encoding to a julian date object .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  create a new blob for use in creating .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  signs   question
truth:  signs   blob

test:  check if the user has a change style value .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  get the status from a mysql server .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  parse the alignment turned into a list of integers .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  remove a report from the given model .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  remove   hits
truth:  remove   filter

test:  bitcast a 32-bit into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   making
truth:  bitcast   float

test:  check if server making an http server is available .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  update the config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  given an event list of primary and frames .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  make a test case which can connect to jinja .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  print the combined display base output .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  low-level implementation of chebyshev polynomials of the 2nd kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  tests the creation and see what happens .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  make   teardown
truth:  make   type

test:  add a client-side cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  update a relationship() lut status .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  change   exposes
truth:  change   values

test:  test that sampclient can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  build a wtforms value from a file .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  describe   bench
truth:  describe   value

test:  return a boolean value that has been getattrs or not .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  perform   roundrobin
truth:  perform   application

test:  store an installation bank .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  bounding box to apply to previous previous operator .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  does this function parameters email : string username domains an email address .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  add an package to the pkgs .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   downloading
truth:  add   package

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  log requests .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  return aws information from aws .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  check if a given name is a uri .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  generate a dictionary containing the given names and the complete modulo .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  decode a base64 encoded data using the imap4 key .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  setup the serial device sensors .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return kernel_modules information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  builds the display spec for the specified canvas .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  convert   representing
truth:  convert   specification

test:  given the notepad patching the type of a configuration file .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  resets the transaction flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   trailing
truth:  resets   flag

test:  create a new django document .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  test plot of snr .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  context manager to temporarily add temporary directory to sys .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  returns the content of a url .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  attempts   indicating
truth:  attempts   images

test:  tells and return a vm for listing the specified options or none if no user has been submitted for their name .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  let   appending
truth:  let   thing

test:  takes an object or a timestamp and returns a timestamp .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  update a specific sm backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   enqueued
truth:  load   po

test:  convert a iso 8601 datetime to a :py:class:datetime .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  sørensen–dice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable sørensen–dice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create process running the process using sensor .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  decorator for github api functions to vec and ndarray the results .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  removes the instance and unset all administration paths .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  pulls   inputted
truth:  pulls   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud dns .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  get a specified file from a repository .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  intercepts a domain name from an font code .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  transform   batch
truth:  transform   code

test:  extracts the list from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   dtype
truth:  extracts   arg

test:  make sure the output of tokens work .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  set the current power status .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  request   logout
truth:  request   change

test:  load the request from the django .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  convert global formatted id to global global formatted id .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  read count 32-bit ints using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  create the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  connect to the replica set and make it easier .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  transform the given expression to latex .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   sums
truth:  convert   expression

test:  given a path to a directory .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  returns   thrusting
truth:  returns   space

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  returns a string with the pants version .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  use the function to return the promotion if it exists .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  flip   pulls
truth:  flip   null

test:  return the bcache syspath device names of just a real path .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  accepts a file and optionally saving it returns current datetime object .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  enter   temperature
truth:  enter   date

test:  returns a slug on a name which is unique within a models table .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  extract the set of additional parameters from a dict .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  strip   backup
truth:  strip   properties

test:  create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the node .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  enterprise djangos login in which the user will serve logged in .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  configure   access
truth:  configure   url

test:  a version of pythons urllib .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  avoid   ssl
truth:  avoid   errors

test:  extract the contents from the provided response .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  alternative implementation of parc .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  pulls   settings
truth:  pulls   wcs

test:  renders the given template and returns the data as a string .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   interfacing
truth:  make   axes

test:  takes a list of tuples and populates them in order .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  recursively convert any object into nested lists .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  iterator   constant_expression_opt
truth:  iterator   iterables

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  calculates a unicode representation of the given number .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  return the geometric b for a and b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  render a will cache form for a basket form .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  solve the inequality of a union equation using the underlying expression .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  test performance of different length .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  yields an iterator over the given iterable .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  iterates over the yaml table format which will be escaped by the os/2 os/2 .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  generate transcript requests for a transcript requests .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  returns   widgets
truth:  returns   responses

test:  returns a form of indent .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return true if *uri* is a valid xml uri .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test pip wheel file .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  a valid input file object that implements a valid input .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  set up general->editor to a small python script inserting a port .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  batched insert statements via the orm .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  returns the provided document .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  ensure that the named user is present in the running password .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  get the file paths from the directory .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  construct a resource fragment for the given search .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  put   enhanced
truth:  put   object

test:  normalizes the index of the maximum value along an axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  normalizes   providing
truth:  normalizes   tensor

test:  check if an object points to the same memory address than another object: .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read the contents of a file from a list of characters .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  reads   multivariate
truth:  reads   blocks

test:  takes a string that may be used into a tg .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  dtlz2 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  list of available template .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  -   decoding
truth:  -   lists

test:  returns list of overall summary for an exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  fetches   rules
truth:  fetches   ratings

test:  return a list of available compression instance containing a single node describing the given node .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  object an object .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  waits for qos client to finish .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  folder for static pages edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  pulls   outputs
truth:  pulls   pages

test:  converts a generator of input names into a single python data structure .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  return the size of a binary device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a s1: of datapoints or underscores and one .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  get   throttle
truth:  get   unit

test:  list all available projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  lists   determine
truth:  lists   projects

test:  destroy the provider or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  delete   unescapes
truth:  delete   rule

test:  test sample function for bug that label non-zero .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a known 2d array to the current directory .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  this function is taken from a package or a module .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  install the distutils application .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  install   solve
truth:  install   settings

test:  pyglet or disable the server config .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  get the path to an executable .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  define an attribute for a private object .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  converts s to utf-8 .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  return   rc4
truth:  return   utf8

test:  setup the plugin .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  required   stays
truth:  required   sphinx

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check that variable has theano matrix .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  check   newlines
truth:  check   dimensions

test:  return true iff limit filter items for the item .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  usage   compose
truth:  usage   usage

test:  calculate indices of the distance matrix for a given code .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  converts a color string to a color equivalent .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  return start with its traceback error .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  it should take the tables .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  get the file name of a file .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  provides the binary number of n in a provides .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  find the sentence within a list of sentence .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   tend
truth:  returns   chunk

test:  turn the version string into a tuple .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns a full parser .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  generate a random authentication length .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return the pid location of the given module .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  try   snaps
truth:  try   pid

test:  return path to the appropriate bkroot .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  usage: {{ dictionary|at:key}} .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  pulls   fixes
truth:  pulls   manager

test:  returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   hitting
truth:  return   cassandra

test:  build a url from the article .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  setup the enocean tv platform .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  release a module-level object to be used in the data directory .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   deconvolves
truth:  release   level

test:  renders a view function that returns a httpresponse whose content is a function and |cursor_position| function is a yaml template .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  associate a network to network with key network_id .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   killed
truth:  associate   network

test:  renders a single accordion page .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  system information type 17 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  remove a virtualenv .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   fail
truth:  remove   virtualenv

test:  set the default attribute of an object .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  loads and better specified data in both root directory and persisting if it is not found .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns the manifest directory path .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  sets the messages into the backend loaded loaded loaded loaded data .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   prioritized
truth:  sets   messages

test:  returns the date of the closest date according to the given target target dict .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  function   temperature
truth:  function   date

test:  returns the 0-based and courses children for the given course .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  pulls   titlified
truth:  pulls   discussion

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  return an iterable over the elements of the yadis xrd matrix in the yadis graph .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get aws handle for acl .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  a filename .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if hadoop is present .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   downloading
truth:  load   package

test:  fetch an image from the values dictionary .
truth: grab image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  check that ports start with an warnings/errors dpid .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  bounce traffic server on the cluster node .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   increase
truth:  bounce   nodes

test:  undo the current keyboard event .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  undo   pulls
truth:  undo   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  gets the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  create an query instance from the default qname instance .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  returns a list of superset from a list of column .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  read   debugging
truth:  read   dataset

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  calculate the autocorrelation from a set of gpus or 1 .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  calculate   unshares
truth:  calculate   density

test:  retrieves a keys option key from the deprecated option key .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  count an square matrix of several bessel .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  return   roots

test:  set the list of available images to either loaded or not .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  set   batch
truth:  set   code

test:  produce colorbar for rectangular extensions for a chart .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   pulls
truth:  produce   null

test:  return a memory setting from a multiplier or group .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  parse   store
truth:  parse   memory

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  test interpolated representation of data .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  check the virtual service doesnt match the right value .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  given a reimplementation of value value value .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   stderr
truth:  allocates   machine

test:  convert unicode to string .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  constructs a named tuple for a optimizer object f .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a synchronized shared array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  works like :func:has_request_context but for the application context .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  create a grid of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   flattens
truth:  turns   output

test:  delete a .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  ssh   listen
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test checking for totodiles .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  pulls   mongodb
truth:  pulls   scenarios

test:  invalidate any figure figures and pylab the interactive python machine .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  pulls   accessing
truth:  pulls   performance

test:  return the unique key for the current request .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  recursively strongly a list of all files in the given directory .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   specified
truth:  returns   fingerprint

test:  decorator for setting up to denied test case .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  include   imposes
truth:  include   f

test:  return a list of the names matching names and an argument context .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  converts a character to a comparable term .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  list tags for all tags cli example: .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  computes the correlation matrix for arma process parameters ar : array_like holding class or array_like the number of observations for each common arma .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  custom dummy .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  needs   guvectorize
truth:  needs   oauth

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  public ssh to connect to an existing ssh server and connect to the connection with a organization .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  changes the style parameters to be equivalent and return some :class: .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  use   solve
truth:  use   settings

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  it should extract the list of scenarios should contain * scenarios .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  get a list of all available vm names .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  check if the user has a permission on a specific object .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  ensure a rule is an appropriate for a given type .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a skeinlayered configuration string for a given layer .
truth: return blit . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the pss retry object .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  cache   thread
truth:  cache   zipfile

test:  move loss from producer .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  a kernel function for computing the tidy_content .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  only run on freebsd systems .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   setting
truth:  runs   systems

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  pulls   signs
truth:  pulls   display

test:  monte carlo sample for gof currently hardcoded for a^2 only non vectorized .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  run   reports
truth:  run   estimation

test:  create an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  return the default float type for the current operating system .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   disconnects
truth:  return   dir

test:  test the :number of the data .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   alteration
truth:  test   lambda

test:  checks if a filename is a getlines .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  get   optdict
truth:  get   lines

test:  a helper for defining define .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set new video file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   labeled
truth:  set   file

test:  build a moref for a file .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  invoke   pulls
truth:  invoke   null

test:  helper function to convert cpu to cpu .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  builds a .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  import and return the module to import .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  determine the similarity of a vector similarity between two probability image .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  return   itersubclasses
truth:  return   similarity

test:  set up & run a publisher to render internals .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  uploads a file to the given directory .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  tests that accounts with flags have the flags folders of flags have any flags folders without having invalid folders .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  return the text .
truth: return the text . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  get the logger for the current thread .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  provides   code
truth:  provides   logger

test:  send compute notification of data and email address .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  renders   equalize
truth:  renders   email

test:  return the text encoded transcode .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  ensure that a process is enabled .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  verifies   dies
truth:  verifies   selinux

test:  return a dict of data that will be called in the cloud profile .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  sorts a dictionary of parameters to a metadata dictionary .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  create a directory and all it a valid path .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  make   resample
truth:  make   directories

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  ensure a sum of coefficient is a subclass of two boolean values parameters a : writeme returns 0 : what we have the numpy array of any product .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  return   coefficient

test:  set the learning phase for the given value .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   dispatches
truth:  sets   learning

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  ensure that all json characters in a string .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  serialize   hover
truth:  serialize   bytes

test:  determine whether the job was installed .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  ensure   step
truth:  ensure   names

test:  load all uppercase groups from s .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  put to create a resource provider as a single resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  post   negate
truth:  post   resource

test:  generate an sql query string .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  like shared .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  initialize   transliterate
truth:  initialize   variable

test:  determine whether path/name refers to an executable .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  simulate memory usage .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  converts a list of items into a dictionary where the first item is composed .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  transform   gauss
truth:  transform   strings

test:  a wrapper around static file that returns static file path .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  pass the two images .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  creates   forwards
truth:  creates   image

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   certificate
truth:  is   optimization

test:  like os .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  capture   overlay
truth:  capture   func

test:  yaml: pathignore this plugin allows you to add a build for a trend or reset .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns true if this category is suppressed on this category .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the current colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  return   gather
truth:  return   colormap

test:  creates a tmp message for an push request .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  start   github
truth:  start   frame

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  delete custom home directory .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  setup   constrained
truth:  setup   functions

test:  takes a single minibatch .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  returns the descendants for the given actionexecution .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a query object .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  pull   pandas
truth:  pull   columns

test:  remove the directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  converts a string to a decimal according to the rules in utc .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restart all the django .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   subtract
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  build a form for the given :raises: .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  build   bounds
truth:  build   table

test:  reads a data file and returns it .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   populating
truth:  copy   info

test:  extract the text from a page if it exists .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  prompts the user for the page .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  short   capturing
truth:  short   error

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  verify context has admin rights according to the target in this context .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  any existing tables should not be expected for column .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  matches against all files in data files .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  create a fake descriptorsystem with an optional button .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  accept rules rules for rules rules .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the average edges of the neighborhood between edges and radius .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  construct   descend
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  pack the output of a direct list so that it can be used to pack .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  pack   restoring
truth:  pack   data

test:  check if value is a valid git sha .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  returns the valid bytes for the given file size .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  plot a legend table for a table plot .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  reshapes an all-zeros variable .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  helper for colour-coding .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  post   restoring
truth:  post   data

test:  return a figure and a may be a sparse matrix .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  display   restrict
truth:  display   array

test:  calculates the square matrix along an axis of a given axis .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  sums   simulating
truth:  sums   input

test:  get the votable sources for the letter or votable device .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  publish callback .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  publish   pulls
truth:  publish   null

test:  computes the md5 matlab of the sha .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  recursively generate all modules in a directory tree .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  yields   init
truth:  yields   modules

test:  returns 1 if x is a iterator .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  lesser lesser file .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  follow   labeled
truth:  follow   file

test:  checks if file is in the given directory .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  verify that the attribute given is present for the given object .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  restart a container from a docker installation container container id timeout restart to restart the container id timeout for cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  break solutions in n_jobs .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  get an encrypted hash for a given fe_type .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  try to return the resulting versions from the given namespace .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  build an inverse token .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   guided
truth:  build   fasta

test:  given a country code and a country result from the country code .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  given   forms
truth:  given   result

test:  update or add resource xml from dict .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  helper function to search the keys in the keyserver .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  search   supports
truth:  search   text

test:  clear one or more entities from job .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  clear   paginates
truth:  clear   queues

test:  deletes a complete event .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  delete   inserting
truth:  delete   calendar

test:  attempt to run a port from the ports cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  convert an epoch or number into epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  the sensible decorator .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  itemfield view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  prepares node object for registration node .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  display   post_save
truth:  display   metadata

test:  create or return a dictionary of dictionaries that can be used to specify the given fields against a list of a particular term .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  construct a base shape where cuda is defined .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a unique string of a given string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   orthoganlize
truth:  generates   hash

test:  after this command .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  edit   seconds
truth:  edit   editor

test:  returns a systems mode suitable for use in client .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  get   monitor
truth:  get   compile

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  read cgroup key from rendered binary .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the growing network with redirection digraph with preferential nodes and redirection probability graph .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  return the given stream .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  looks for the message of a list of values .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns the name of the primary group .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  linear system .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  order   pushing
truth:  order   model

test:  parse an creation creation creation string .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  creates a recordsensor link from the input source .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  returns a wsgi versioned id for a resource field .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  generate batches of batches and batches batches .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  construct   parses
truth:  construct   batch

test:  use the right word to matches[max .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   optimized
truth:  debug   script

test:  get command line arguments and arguments .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  supports   small_stmts
truth:  supports   line

test:  returns the prerequisite content usage and minimum score for the course .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  write a docs to separate files .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  setup   suggest
truth:  setup   folder

test:  returns a dict representing the result of a given model .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  to connect to a context .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get the number of seconds since a string .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  stub fast for sorting .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  get   boot
truth:  get   dot

test:  check that a value is actually valid .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  replace #!python with an attribute dictionary .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  converts   flow
truth:  converts   fields

test:  takes a json formatted array and returns a dictionary of items from a dict of items .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  convert an opcode pattern into a buffer .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  search   bench
truth:  search   value

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  test to make sure which we add some 2d numpy array of update_many .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  load   exposes
truth:  load   values

test:  returns true if the given pfilter is in pfilter fnmatch .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  filter   config
truth:  filter   patterns

test:  only run the chef bit .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  create principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  pulls   indicate
truth:  pulls   polynomial

test:  decorator to return if the current application is false .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  specifies   optimized
truth:  specifies   script

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  create a new tables in the database defined in remove .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   shutdown
truth:  create   tables

test:  generate a binary name and datasource for a schemenode .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  true if text is a valid live token .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  determine   scop
truth:  determine   token

test:  report an existing view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  display   fragment
truth:  display   report

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys in a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  eliminates   unescaped
truth:  eliminates   entries

test:  mangle mako loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  converts   chown
truth:  converts   loop

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   takes
truth:  parse   stream

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   currents
truth:  prepare   state

test:  merge a video into a new audio file .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  merges   sets
truth:  merges   video

test:  install the given manager .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  see if a dtype dtype is a valid list of valid python data dtype .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  return   destroy
truth:  return   dtype

test:  parse command-line tool with new save_filters .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parse   spawn
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse authorization of an http password .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line intersections through the loop .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  wrapper to get the temporary directory path .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the event .
truth: helper function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can reports translation reports .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  usage: lx html page as html .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  add   outputs
truth:  add   pages

test:  uses us to return the number of seconds being built as a context .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  create   export
truth:  create   tuple

test:  returns the production totient function .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  whiten the intermediate line from finite .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  normalize   rising
truth:  normalize   group

test:  checks if the given header is present in an f-value sort .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the saved service instance from the user .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   mimic
truth:  get   stub

test:  wrap a view with rate limiting .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  returns a list of the custom python sql statements for all models in the given app .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  map the status of a vm from a list of vm status .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  map   point
truth:  map   status

test:  returns the path to the users locale directory .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  returns the master modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  get the default directory for a file .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  returns the string representation of the object .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  uses   eliminating
truth:  uses   cache

test:  returns content from a single node .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  converts   looping
truth:  converts   node

test:  convert a permission object to a more module .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  send a doji with a rendering link for the user .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  deactivate   pulls
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  return an array containing a list of values being variable merged .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  are we being asked to look up a predicate .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  return a pd .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  strips   matching
truth:  strips   timedelta

test:  extracts package name from "pkg list -v" output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  extracts   extract
truth:  extracts   version

test:  test the note: for an array of data .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  verify   unmap
truth:  verify   descriptors

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   known
truth:  function   utc

test:  set the convenience method of this object to be read in .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   input_bytes
truth:  set   installation

test:  creates a 64-bit user .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  register a mapping file instance .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  identify   search
truth:  identify   d

test:  generate the release branch for a release .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  perform   unroll
truth:  perform   steps

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   optdict
truth:  limit   lines

test:  encodes a unicode object into utf-8 if not yet encoded .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  a no-op method that is requested in response .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by millisecond .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  shutdown a running system cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  copied from url .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list the versions available for the given function .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  return a list of renderers for all renderers specified in the specified list .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return the name of the key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  translate   listen
truth:  translate   key

test:  returns the list of securitygroupname .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the preferred time zone for work status .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   suggests
truth:  gets   timezone

test:  verifies that there are any mistaken items in the packing .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  url   picks
truth:  url   reason

test:  generate a unique adapter adapter name .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  list cloud provider data for an providers .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   unmarshalling
truth:  list   sizes

test:  expands a base stride into an integer and applies it into the stride stride .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  get the current logical object .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  setup the vm this either generated by the gui or runs .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  enable   challengenes
truth:  enable   hooks

test:  execute the given process .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  run   protects
truth:  run   args

test:  step --> os .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  print a dictionary and the elements of a given salt .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   review
truth:  prints   keys

test:  imports the named module for a module .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check for valid and indices .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  returns whether the obj is iterable and not a scalar object .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  same args as ?library_id=<default except for unset .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config file for this application .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a intersection of the graph that contains edges in g but not in h .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  recursively clear the old ini file .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   resample
truth:  remove   directories

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  pop the local number of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  add a course course enrollment for the enrollment .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  append   disconnect
truth:  append   courses

test:  test reading a table with normal normal normal table data .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns true if the given sentence matches the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  use main to setup the devices using devices and connect to that devices .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  set   flattening
truth:  set   field

test:  converts a flat dtype to a numpy dtype as a dictionary .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server cli example: .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  helper function to return all summary of a dict that actually exist .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   vni
truth:  display   monit

test:  startup startup registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  adds   lstrip
truth:  adds   set

test:  the pip command runs the script .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns the url of a url .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  base64 decodes a single string .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  pulls   fills
truth:  pulls   base64

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  naive pretty-printing of square .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  pulls   padded
truth:  pulls   evaluation

test:  initialize rotation .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  init   chew
truth:  init   service

test:  remove any test files to clean up the test data directory .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  clean   sleep
truth:  clean   files

test:  decorator for views that are added to a single instance .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  makes   sending
truth:  makes   uniform

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  hook   eventlet
truth:  hook   warning

test:  get the process name for a given process .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  returns the first child child child data for a given node .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  validate a series of series tid: metadata .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  check   offset
truth:  check   parameters

test:  encodes a string into utf-8 encoded value .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  encodes   bench
truth:  encodes   value

test:  create an arma process with ma correlation matrix according to ma .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  converts a command line interactive compatibility with a greater than one authority .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  runs   roundrobin
truth:  runs   application

test:  del the named broadcast .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  delete   slave_open
truth:  delete   media

test:  test no data for interpolation .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  clears the review review update .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  revert   pulls
truth:  revert   null

test:  like the matlab function for an integer .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  get a client id from the main .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  hexdump -> str byte hexadecimal .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  build   is_missing
truth:  build   hexadecimal

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   upgrade
truth:  download   poem

test:  list all available boot files cli example: .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  lists   reduced
truth:  lists   cli

test:  returns a fourier sequence of sequences .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   reveal
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  compute the contingency matrix for two points .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  build   cleaning
truth:  build   matrix

test:  take a dictionary and encode it to a dictionary of ascii values .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an iterator over the elements of a list .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  pulls   determines
truth:  pulls   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  compute the real solution of a matrix .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  does this token end to allow the given control service to be checked down .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  split the arguments and comments into a dictionary .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  split   utf-8
truth:  split   argument

test:  get the db ip from the current machine .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  api: send a test to notification output .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get the group groups group from the system .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  usage: lx links .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieves information for the image and the auth .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract a list of paramsdict from toc files for all items in pth .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  ensure   init
truth:  ensure   modules

test:  minimize a blaze expression .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  select   put
truth:  select   rules

test:  call to install a training event loop that is installed in a dictionary of merging is not none .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  import   colorized
truth:  import   context

test:  send an email to the initiator of the given report .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  send   fragment
truth:  send   report

test:  generate the tmux tmux for an idxes file .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  element-wise truth value of .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  get   predict
truth:  get   divmod

test:  return the correct additions of the associated host cli example: .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  unmount   jitter
truth:  unmount   guest

test:  a simple function for generic profiling structure .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  returns   assembles
truth:  returns   coefficients

test:  convert dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  gets weekly dashboard stats for a given user_id .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  save   interpret
truth:  save   dashboard

test:  square dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   round
truth:  square   polynomials

test:  parses the parameters dict and returns a dict of parameter names .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   offset
truth:  parse   parameters

test:  negate a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  make   assembles
truth:  make   coefficients

test:  test download exit status code for blank requirements file .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  test   batch
truth:  test   code

test:  return the geometric mean of an array .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  take   backs
truth:  take   mean

test:  checks if an datetime is enabled .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get a new adapter adapter .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  strip manually manually .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode base64 t t .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  using   fills
truth:  using   base64

test:  return a list of the email addresses found in format and format text .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  a handler for functions that provides multiple lines .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  learner profile .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  computes the simplex coordinate equation :math:ax + .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  pulls   zoom
truth:  pulls   vectors

test:  initialize the known test suite .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initializes   encapsulate
truth:  initializes   instance

test:  get the installed entrypoint entrypoint subproject .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  logging function for tests .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  log   support
truth:  log   time

test:  assign redundant textbook algorithm to list of sources .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  reset the database .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  running   binhexed
truth:  running   tests

test:  resolve the given encoding and return an object .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  rowfunc is an compute_node .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  compose   constrained
truth:  compose   functions

test:  gets info about all elasticache api keys .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  filters out the elements given a list and its value .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   executed
truth:  filters   dictionary

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  perform a general inverse of epochs .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   permutates
truth:  apply   epochs

test:  calculates the mode for a single feature .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the harmonic moment of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  normalize locale to match the locale id .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  format   printing
truth:  format   locale

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs into nd nd nd inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   described
truth:  use   convolution

test:  return a list of tuples that have indexing together .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  return true iff matplotlib version is installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  determine   loc<->coil_trans
truth:  determine   mpl

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  craft a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  validates that namespace .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  return a masters data structures .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  simple function that returns a single bool .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  return the hermite binary point of the two points .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  compare   collecting
truth:  compare   b

test:  makes a response with a direct request data .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  make a catalog catalog .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  get   instruments
truth:  get   keystone

test:  takes a datetime .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   supports
truth:  format   text

test:  remove a resource from the configuration file .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  retrieve a python type from the datastore .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  handler for kernels .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a message to a pushover channel .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  args: tooltips : the optional chart using the column dictionary this function is the index or none .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  produce   newlines
truth:  produce   dimensions

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget gives the tixexfileselectbox representation of the file system directory and makes it easy than the motif style .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  pulls   demonstrate
truth:  pulls   motif

test:  set the global qwebsettings .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  insert insert into database .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  insert   usage
truth:  insert   rows

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  begins   sleep
truth:  begins   files

test:  setup the telldus component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  adds   supports
truth:  adds   text

test:  return a packages activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   lbrace
truth:  return   activity

test:  read an vertex file into vertex .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   switch
truth:  read   list

test:  returns the full path to a module root directory .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  get   intialize
truth:  get   root

test:  truncate text to the optionally .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  truncate   contructs
truth:  truncate   sample

test:  remove any file in the given path .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  run markdown options from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set the keyboard configuration for the specified virtual device cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  get a entire file from the user for a specific profile .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  for a good good getting the previous line .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  obfuscate   pulls
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send command console to a file .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  return a list of all available volumes .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  download an object from a file .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   prepopulates
truth:  outputs   bits

test:  returns a list of variance .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  calculate   read
truth:  calculate   variance

test:  confusion matrix for login/fakeviewfinder .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  computes   cleaning
truth:  computes   matrix

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a 3-tuple: .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  a scenario object should extract the ptbr .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  returns the images - targets - between two targets - targets - targets - targets - targets - brocade - targets .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  -   insert
truth:  -   targets

test:  create a base class from a dictionary .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  setup the function .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  setup   currents
truth:  setup   state

test:  upload a file from s3 .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  make a fake negotiation but triggers a manage .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  returns compressed kmz from compressed compressed .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  key key repository is not setup correctly .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  pulls   commit
truth:  pulls   repository

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  connect to a 2-tuple of the given ip .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fixture that returns cpu backend using 64 bit backend and request .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  return an html representation of a list .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  turn   sums
truth:  turn   expression

test:  loads the *plugins and returns an antlr .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  find an error message .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  find   login_required
truth:  find   removal

test:  read ssh data for the servers keychain .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  method decorator to apply to super super .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  have   safe_octal
truth:  have   class

test:  test for commutativity of and .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns the integer value of a string encoded integer when n > 0 .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   reduced
truth:  assert   cli

test:  checks whether a phone number is a valid number object .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  write the core ports out to an actionform file .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  continuous a continuous query .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  check   xlsx
truth:  check   query

test:  get an application endpoint from a mailchimp mailchimp dictionary .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  endpoint   disassociate
truth:  endpoint   webhook

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  draw two pixels .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  draws   pulls
truth:  draws   null

test:  return a list of rate calls for the specified user .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieve metadata for a given user and thread .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  list the installed versions of pyenv .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  get all file names matching a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  return dict of the linux values cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  preprocess 2 center .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  ensures that the command line option in the given directory .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  find a best request-host from a pandas deme .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  process the docstring for the given source .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  extracts   safe_octal
truth:  extracts   class

test:  load an exception from a remote plugin id and return it .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  loads   chew
truth:  loads   service

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata or equal to the given server .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  tests   listen
truth:  tests   key

test:  move a table with the mixin column .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  fixture   lstrip
truth:  fixture   set

test:  return the assist for a specific project .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  return   unset
truth:  return   completions

test:  returns the high scores as a dictionary .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  create a new instance group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  private method calculates dictionary or values or dictionary .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  looks to see if features is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  an uninterpolated implementation of high high the list containing list of paths specified in a given list .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  add   resample
truth:  add   directories

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  extract   receives
truth:  extract   port

test:  determine if the paths is in a multiline paths .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  resolve all filtering/annotating by theres all filtering/annotating .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  resolve   doing
truth:  resolve   annotations

test:  returns the name of the module .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  default   nose
truth:  default   prefix

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  generate a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  transforms   enhanced
truth:  transforms   object

test:  given a key .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  return the cholesky of the array .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  returns   grants
truth:  returns   decomposition

test:  verifies that we can verify location .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  bitcast a 64bit into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   capture
truth:  bitcast   bit

test:  read ros handshake header .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  test that you can logout works .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  test   spawns
truth:  test   endpoint

test:  extracts the primary code at the given object .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  default get_id .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  converts an arbitrary string into its xpath case .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  ascii   reported
truth:  ascii   function

test:  get http data from the http requests .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  merge two dictionaries into a single dictionary .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   exposes
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute the display of a file .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  given   looping
truth:  given   node

test:  encodes a string to a python ascii match the given string .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  deletes uuid and preprocess them as specified in test .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  deletes   support
truth:  deletes   time

test:  initialize the style logging for the given log .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  construct a string for deleted python lexer .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a string with all values that are in a string .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  serialize   accepting
truth:  serialize   e

test:  get new definite .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  parse the xml input and convert it into a dictionary with the required ideas ideas .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  delete the custom model .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  sets   serializing
truth:  sets   setting

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  deletes one or more vms in the given theme .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  return an iterator to all the directory .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  tests that the list/queryset implementation of the same dimension than the same dimension as the same dimension .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  enable the use of microsites during the startup script .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  prepare   solve
truth:  prepare   settings

test:  restful crud controller for the asset controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get the shortcut for the given model .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  returns   permutes
truth:  returns   shortcut

test:  return the url corresponding to a given mat file .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  extract   nose
truth:  extract   prefix

test:  gets the authenticated user for an authenticated username .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  get a key_pair or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return display of the blockmatrices and the blocks .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  test that the completion of the channels of all layers .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  check   pandas
truth:  check   columns

test:  return the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  train a model and returns a filemetadata .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  loads   offset
truth:  loads   parameters

test:  wait until a function has been updated with syncing .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets html entities from stashed .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  extract   digs
truth:  extract   html

test:  helper for views .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given a mask .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  extracts valid received mentions from a template file .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  find   borrowed
truth:  find   instances

test:  computes the kth backoff for jitter .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   turn
truth:  run   case

test:  create a report from a coordinate or streaming graph .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a bug without a line .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  loads the elf .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  replace tool shed image url with maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns a matrix with length len from the given list of length .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  return   patches
truth:  return   permutations

test:  return a tuple for all the elements of a max applications .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list of file from given addon .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  find   configured
truth:  find   tree

test:  find the cover object for a given container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   pass
truth:  find   document

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  compile a regular expression to regex in matcher .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  replacement for api to typicalmemoryerror .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  returns a list of the package where out of the installed package is running .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  calculate the number of validation values for a string .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  calculates   httperror
truth:  calculates   digit

test:  private function to convert a variable to a theano variable .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   saml_artifact
truth:  compute   students

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   bench
truth:  centers   value

test:  compare two multiset partitions .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  enumerates   crops
truth:  enumerates   partitions

test:  destroy a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   safe_octal
truth:  destroy   class

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  save a previously obtained instance after a list of process_view .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   attacked
truth:  save   stats

test:  decorator to run a command .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  get a doc string and return it as a new document .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  attempt   pass
truth:  attempt   document

test:  test i/o file .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  sources headers are removed from a list of sources .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  adds nodes to nodes in document .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  patches   looping
truth:  patches   node

test:  returns a humanized reply .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  convert maxfilter-formatted updated on prediction nodes into the prediction .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  measure   ensure
truth:  measure   prediction

test:  waits for the given handle to be invoked when it hasnt immediately .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  create a mindtouch for the given namespace .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  pulls   makes
truth:  pulls   namespaces

test:  validates the response against a response .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  compute the log likelihood of x .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  simple public text for distribute .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  encrypt   drop
truth:  encrypt   ssh

test:  fixture to dot tests of graphviz .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  change control inbox page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  received   bring
truth:  received   page

test:  a permission permission for permission .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   close
truth:  returns   graphs

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return true if the current request is available .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  check if the given backend exists .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  return an effect for the machine .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  return a list of dictionaries from newest to shell .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  get   fetches
truth:  get   parent

test:  make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   counter
truth:  make   thumbnail

test:  test that the inputtogpuoptimizer conversion is exact exact .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  takes a datetime object and converts it to a naive timestamp .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  convert a bytestring if a unicode string is given .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  transform   hover
truth:  transform   bytes

test:  return the sqeuclidean dot product of 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  for plugin .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  update the context in a course .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  updates   populating
truth:  updates   info

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as a branch only .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   pulls
truth:  submit   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  require english foo .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   forgot
truth:  require   project

test:  set the intermediate state of the files in location .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  returns a list of all known results for a filename .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  main root page .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  pulls   rotate
truth:  pulls   loading

test:  legacy fulltheme .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  themes   pulls
truth:  themes   null

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  checks if filename is finalized in its file we should extend .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  determines   wanted
truth:  determines   filename

test:  reads html data from a file and returns it .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   restoring
truth:  reads   data

test:  parameters obj - the type of a delete object .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  bind parameters into a dict .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns the identity nodes in the given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  compound : compound_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  send an score to an expected score .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  get the radian elements of a list .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  loop over a synthetic file .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  encode a certificate as jose base-64 uri .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   producing
truth:  encode   certificate

test:  return the first match between a locale and the value contain locale .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  given   orders
truth:  given   alias

test:  returns if there is a list of allowed plugins .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  elementwise sigmoid sigmoid function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  sets the global path .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  is the server is cleaned up after a test .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  get a sm flavor .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   detach
truth:  get   flavor

test:  only return if all the modules are available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   pulls
truth:  attr_gt   null

test:  function to return the right record for the given template the series .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  function   target_expressing
truth:  function   question

test:  checks if a package is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around an assignment operator .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  x is principal principal components of the whitening matrix .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  run secrets secrets .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  make   shed
truth:  make   exception

test:  connect to aws euca :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  test gl gl backend .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  import a module as deprecated .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load authentication from local file .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  load   pass
truth:  load   document

test:  returns a string of characters of a valid literal .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  return the current system upgrade upgrade .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to read a file from a url .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  given a dict of fields .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  add   bounds
truth:  add   table

test:  send emails containing a prompt to a recipient .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  alter   colorized
truth:  alter   context

test:  factorize any xml element in the given iterables .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  try and converts an image to a rpm rpm version .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the interactive status .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  return dataframe .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  download   embedded
truth:  download   example

test:  does the node represent a tuple literal? .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  does   looping
truth:  does   node

test:  updates global state when a task is ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  get unique index .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  check if the flags is an update .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  formats a possible version of a tsv file as an html .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   iterates
truth:  flags   comment

test:  return full command of a hadoop command .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  command   limiting
truth:  command   order

test:  compose the series expansion of the series .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  return path to the directory where we are placed .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  running the subprocess axis at a given column .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  compute the paired distances between x and y .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  the idea is to return our sub .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  test that a setting of masked values .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  this method is a method that matches a valid python 3 .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  formats the given sysctl oid .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  reshape array of shapes labels to match label and next(shufflesplit() .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  pads   redefine
truth:  pads   slices

test:  write a details of the given summary .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  write   import
truth:  write   summary

test:  determine if the procedure is empty on a gcode file .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  callback-oriented decorator for asynchronous generators .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  force the login form to send a spam to the user .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  checks   preload
truth:  checks   content

test:  makes a temporary repository that contains the valid global data .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  convert an image and rois within that project into network inputs .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  converts   figure
truth:  converts   inputs

test:  helper function for functions that return value for those items after a predicate .
truth: like common . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  simple wrapper for a as: as: .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  ensure the named grafana configuration is deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   freezing
truth:  ensure   configuration

test:  an entry length for this length .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  generates   decrease
truth:  generates   action

test:  test that table of a perfect considering when a table of groups is called .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  use   urlencode
truth:  use   item

test:  make sure we only unicode output the given string .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns an array with all relationships values matching the given cursor .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  work   thinks
truth:  work   issue

test:  tagging view returning a helpful csrf error .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse the log options from a log document .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  parses   define
truth:  parses   path

test:  send email notifications on the given transport .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  fetches an population token using the firebase note that it uses zookeeper .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  adds   unquote
truth:  adds   note

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  updates a store store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   unleash
truth:  updates   store

test:  get vector3 loop from the loop .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  converts a string to binary string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  solves ternary quadratic quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get get a resource_type .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   preprocessed
truth:  get   resource_type

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   filesize
truth:  returns   derivative

test:  return a url if the title or is deprecated .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  given an appropriate subset of a^p a^p a^p a^p .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  get   catch
truth:  get   course

test:  if the tenant does not exist return if a new substring or if the tenant was removed or if the tenant was removed or if the tenant was not visible
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  convert an internal id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  sends an element .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log object emitting the type name of the vlc object emitting an type .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  parses a network details .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  registers a registry of for all registered help files .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   labeled
truth:  unregister   file

test:  test template validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  pull out the permissions for a resource type .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  recursively remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  normalize path name .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   disconnects
truth:  normalize   dir

test:  return a dictionary of hosts and info for all of the given test .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  gets   preloading
truth:  gets   host

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   receives
truth:  create   port

test:  get segment from the last location .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   pulls
truth:  deserialize   null

test:  switch the branch at the specified python .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  switch   plot
truth:  switch   apps

test:  shutdown the unix timestamp .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  send a request for the specified object .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  checks if given string is a valid format for side-by-side .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  renders the users message .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  get a list of all farness .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  sum   landing
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get the file paths of a file paths .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns true if g is distance .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  example of a page .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return a list of the instances that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  decorator that calls django 1 .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  pulls   tracks
truth:  pulls   urls

test:  check the incoming text for the given gpg function .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  n-dimensional transform .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  check to see if a key exists .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  allows git page to rename a transcripts transcripts .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  construct an http client .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  patch   enhanced
truth:  patch   object

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  creates a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   overrides
truth:  create   channel

test:  this is called just the code is loaded .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  cleanup   induce
truth:  cleanup   testing

test:  retrieve a fixed ip for a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  potential index raise a handles at position .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test gl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  generate the sequences of two sequences .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  generate   sequences

test:  initialize git data from the git repository .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  clear   concatenated
truth:  clear   pillar

test:  test that a convert controller_key as a string containing the list of acl that resets its acl after the given buckets .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   enters
truth:  yields   bucket

test:  converts an integer to a string of seconds .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  converts   operate
truth:  converts   h

test:  iterate over all file names and int .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  yield   unpatch
truth:  yield   matching

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  convert disk traces to network devices .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  creates a directory and all its subdirectories .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   disconnects
truth:  creates   dir

test:  check if app is valid .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  wraps   roundrobin
truth:  wraps   application

test:  process the xml element by side .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   coupling
truth:  process   target

test:  returns a dictionary of notifications from a given user_id .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  load an object by name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  decorator for a method that automatically counts on a localization .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  only load this module if python-ethtool is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  list datastores available to the datastore .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  escape the first occurrece of the search .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   increments
truth:  returns   pep

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  image should be shrunk so that it is only a good code .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  =   preserve
truth:  =   int

test:  compute the sum of samples for a project .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  convert obj into a list of model objects .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  run command and port server .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  compute the f-beta notifications for an index .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  school controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create listeners in an elb .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   registered
truth:  create   elb

test:  for the actual file name in the registry .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  create   tokenizing
truth:  create   filepath

test:  solve the discrete lyapunov equation with x .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  check that we can t2 to a multiple of 0 .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  a decorator that makes apibuilder tests .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  resumes a .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the path to the caffe file if you install the path .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  add a user in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  wait for the element to be either clickable or not present on the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   uncheck
truth:  wait   element

test:  clears the artist .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clears   encrypt
truth:  clears   screen

test:  remove the selected text and job .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  writes a sequence of bytes into a yaml stream .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  verify that the python interpreter correctly handles unicode .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  retrieve configuration current database .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  refresh   pulls
truth:  refresh   null

test:  generate a regular expression extractor that yields classes .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  gets a fixed ips from the table filtering on vif virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  resolve an mro by name .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the specific connection .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  double url-encodes all characters in a given payload notes: * useful to bypass some weak web application firewalls that do not double url-decode the request before processing it through their
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  converts   flashes
truth:  converts   characters

test:  warn if all targets are met in the sections .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  prints   eventlet
truth:  prints   warning

test:  return the share time service in sparse .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  parse a goto line of the string containing goto characters separated names .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  called   dos
truth:  called   search

test:  removes paths from root directory .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the network device if not cached already exists .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  returns an unused port on localhost port .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  takes a dict and returns a dictionary with { keys .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  makes   simulating
truth:  makes   input

test:  split a path into components in a path .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  handle a direct client .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  we can take a ternary value from a list of dicts: .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  helper method for searching for resource fields .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  find the expression where a model has a filename and register it into the expression .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  start the keyboard button for home assistant .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   encapsulate
truth:  start   instance

test:  return the current closest *locale codes .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  get ca object of a migration .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  test rechunking can be done as a 2d .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  returns a keys key for the given key .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs notification service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  replaces space character ( ) with greatest like tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  loads a browser object .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  pickled   mounts
truth:  pickled   objects

test:  instantiate a wsgi server to a wsgi server .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  test pip .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  setup a sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  setup   fitnesse
truth:  setup   events

test:  returns the user prefix for a given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  return the symmetric lower score for the given probability distribution .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  a decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates a sympy/numpy matrix from a numpy matrix .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  send an event for a particular event .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  emit   referenced
truth:  emit   bookmark

test:  test copy axes by axes .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  verify   resorts
truth:  verify   python2

test:  return a xonfig prefix for the xonfig .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  start all applications for a unprocessed .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  test   init
truth:  test   modules

test:  parses a start command line .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parses   sparks
truth:  parses   number

test:  import and return *module_name* .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  convert the input value to a list .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a list of python code for a template search .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  returns true if p is a algebraic polynomial .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   added
truth:  return   p

test:  get a serialization .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  returns the hmac-sha1 address .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  strip   pulls
truth:  strip   null

test:  parse the username and return a tuple of the requested ftp .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  parse   activates
truth:  parse   creds

test:  filters condition types if it is readable .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  parse a filename or scales file .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  converts   been
truth:  converts   format

test:  convert a public regex to a string of characters .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  pulls   overlap
truth:  pulls   encode

test:  compute the total tensor for an x .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the keyczar random number between the secret .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  fetches   create
truth:  fetches   secret

test:  returns true if remote key can list given key .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests for a regression where we control correctly set .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  update an http request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  checks whether a string is decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  returns the path to the directory where the scripts for .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get the wallis .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  calculate   split
truth:  calculate   stat

test:  return an element with highest func score; break ties at random .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  strip the uri prefix from a header path .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  remove   nose
truth:  remove   prefix

test:  return information about all arrays cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  read node data from a node .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  check there are any profiles in the configuration .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  checks   talking
truth:  checks   dict

test:  force conversion of python link to "1"; .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  construct a list of gff/gtf pass each implementation of the nodes in a dictionary of variables .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  enables previously disabled instance tracking of plugin .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  disables   identifies
truth:  disables   plugin

test:  attach a queryset representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   enhanced
truth:  attach   object

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  will log the action .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  shutdown   unroll
truth:  shutdown   steps

test:  create a list of channels .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  create   looking
truth:  create   operator

test:  decode base64 data .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  base64   limit
truth:  base64   decode

test:  fixture to fixture to file server-side still prime .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   sign
truth:  generate   pair

test:  convert the characters &<>" in string s to html-safe sequences .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  calculate date from a date .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  convert   focused
truth:  convert   dates

test:  pad the given transform into a byte array .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  pad   locks
truth:  pad   pad

test:  get an privacy from the given url .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  perform   enumerates
truth:  perform   protocol

test:  cm service prompt section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return true if domain a domain-matches domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   union
truth:  return   domain

test:  set movie position as percentage between 0 .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   cyclen
truth:  set   percentage

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  same as a % b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list of available documents .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  helper for run_module .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  encode the given object input and convert to output .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   creating
truth:  encode   transfer

test:  returns open anonymous anonymous anonymous cart or none if not found .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  returns   help
truth:  returns   cart

test:  logs out the user and displays you are logged out .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  return whether it is running on windows .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  nice -> string return a copy of the string s with all the corresponding unsafe .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  returns the given html with all entities stripped .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  generate a email for the given release .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  shortcut for testing .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  compare directions and private key other comparison .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   reported
truth:  convert   function

test:  take an args and return a list of scopes .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deprecated in iso 8601 format .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given a point .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   allocate
truth:  given   user

test:  parse out the suppose header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  generate a random dataset .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  parse either a method descriptor .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   parsefile
truth:  parse   descriptor

test:  get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  read epochs 4-byte integer from an eeglab .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  return true if the current remote directory exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  extract the most common boolean values from the list of values .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extracts   restoring
truth:  extracts   data

test:  mean squared error regression loss read tensors .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  get equation for rectangular point to the given radians .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a list of all the entries for a given feed .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  retrieve   unescaped
truth:  retrieve   entries

test:  a convenience function to generate then making the elements .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  divides   pandas
truth:  divides   columns

test:  return an items item .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return the base cache directory .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set quotation price and quotation default price list .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   switch
truth:  set   list

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   strips
truth:  write   changelog

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  get invalid config values from config file .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  mandatory for a specific volume type and profile type .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  determines   going
truth:  determines   volume_type

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for small p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  pulls   serie
truth:  pulls   square

test:  returns a relative days for a sequence .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  extract width from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  set up the glances sensor .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  assign a given text to its nmap name .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   present
truth:  register   role

test:  retrieve all enabled user groups .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   extract
truth:  retrieve   version

test:  gets the most recent data for a given job .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  instructs chocolatey to copy a python package and not the system .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  installs   pulls
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  pulls   inquire
truth:  pulls   tool

test:  set the title of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  handler for checking if we are not a handler .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  checks   authenticated
truth:  checks   everything

test:  upload files from a remote host using scp .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  ensure ast code gets compiled correctly .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   fixes
truth:  puts   manager

test:  helper function to read and discard it .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  pulls   represented
truth:  pulls   sysctl

test:  create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  delete   drawing
truth:  delete   tags

test:  pass me a command and return output .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  test import arrays from numpy arrays .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  make sure exception is raised .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  test kit usage of sqd that $display are properly applied to work .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   walking
truth:  test   kit

test:  do not allow users to use passwords to login via harden .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  apply   drop
truth:  apply   ssh

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replaces a string with camelcase separated by its outline .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  converts   submitted
truth:  converts   camelcase

test:  it should extract a sentence correctly into an array of steps .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  installs the given locale .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  yaml: zulip zulip files for zulip requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse plugin introduces .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transform tawn position into theta .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  mixed   pushing
truth:  mixed   model

test:  get the canonical list of installed modules that are canonical .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns an iterable of image false: from which contains the table .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   bounds
truth:  generate   table

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  signal to create user .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  returns an instance of configurations from the entire database file .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  chown a group id from the group id .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  returns the current time .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  returns   evaluate
truth:  returns   clip

test:  get the executable .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  atomically clear all configured wsgi response .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  fixture   s
truth:  fixture   sets

test:  a function that returns the noop function .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  noop   hits
truth:  noop   filter

test:  put one or more nagios keyname cli example: .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  put   shared
truth:  put   string

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return json deserialized path for all provided services .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  update the quotas for a tenant type .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   optimize
truth:  update   quotas

test:  compute spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove a triggers from the task scheduler .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  call the requesthandler tag and return a deferred that looks like a regular sequential function .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   factors
truth:  run   pylint

test:  create a new email change .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  given   equalize
truth:  given   email

test:  merges a restful crud assumptions .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  compute an marked as a document .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it will check each standard location question in the hierarchy until either one is found or none are found .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  write a file in a directory .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  test   emit
truth:  test   access

test:  asks for a matplotlib model .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  return the piece of user that tells users to perform utf16-be .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  given   mignotte
truth:  given   things

test:  helper method for creating an instance ami .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  attempt to migrate a command to use .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  tries to determine if its arguments a valid object supports its for an supports it .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  return a point-transforming for the specified service .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  returns   weigh
truth:  returns   vim

test:  generic function to check if a path is an os .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  iterator to iter from a file .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  yield   simplifying
truth:  yield   range

test:  returns the values of the given list of values .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  left   trace
truth:  left   merge

test:  a context manager that that is yielded to temporarily replace the linux file to temporarily replace the contextmanager .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  create an exception with an explicit error message .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  helper for run_module .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  returns true if the current request should be included in mb .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  checks if a username has access to a username and exists .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  call the given function .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  runs   allows
truth:  runs   subprocess

test:  compare the specified directory to a file .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  sample an image from a mixture of img-1194 the intermediate relative mixture .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  draws   pushing
truth:  draws   model

test:  removes a qos to tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a list of all available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  convenience method to create a new theano value for the given size .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  wraps   format
truth:  wraps   parameter

test:  some amis specify how to read the list of ip addresses .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  report   point
truth:  report   status

test:  this is an empty linearoperator to a xmodule linearoperator in js file .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  set   bdecodes
truth:  set   xblock

test:  convert native string to decimal format .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at least a wrong value .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  takes a list of bits and converts them to binary string .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  clears the value into a field of the given field .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  function   duplicates
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the snmp sname .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  create a continuous random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  context manager for temporary directory .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  return the equation checksum in equation .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get the default directory path .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  converts the given torrent string to a list of possible create_test_db .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  returns the default pen object .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  rehash the active configuration state from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  write   currents
truth:  write   state

test:  function for displaying expression representations with vector printing enabled .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   blocks
truth:  function   representation

test:  get the pci device by device name .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  list all zones to a zone .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   authenticated
truth:  list   everything

test:  run a test in a separate image .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  return the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  minimize a regression scalar .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  extract date from a datetime .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  quickly see if file has a zip file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  call a function and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  run   vms
truth:  run   thread

test:  creates an instance of the environment variables starting with the given name .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  ordereddict ordereddict in yaml dump .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  represent   come
truth:  represent   yaml

test:  create the distance distance from the given word .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  calculate   itersubclasses
truth:  calculate   similarity

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  convert an iterable of ticks to a binary epoch .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload storage storage policy .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  pulls   unblock
truth:  pulls   swift

test:  validate the device path .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  ensure   stores
truth:  ensure   name

test:  subscribe a sparse engine .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  config   lets
truth:  config   handler

test:  sets the commit itself and resets a new .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  returns the inverse of a given array .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  require an instance exists .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a single named information item from the lsb_release command output data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  get the virtual uid and user for this process .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   was
truth:  get   uid

test:  convert a valid uri string into the requisite uri .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  applies the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "left_pad" zeros left and right .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  pad   overriding
truth:  pad   dimension

test:  test that we can get the version number of ints .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  compute the restrict to a dataset with a indices .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  restricts   debugging
truth:  restricts   dataset

test:  for sending email to a feedback system .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  sending   equalize
truth:  sending   email

test:  sets the orange .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   step
truth:  suggest   names

test:  returns a getresponse task .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  raise an error if the parallel is not in parallel .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   quotes
truth:  verify   map

test:  then i have sent an f1 .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add a new oauth uri to the query dictionary .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  look   trimmed
truth:  look   uri

test:  extracts the art at the given unix similarity .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  boolean   follow
truth:  boolean   indicating

test:  return the line number of the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   phred
truth:  purge   caches

test:  convert a string into a colname .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  translate   stores
truth:  translate   name

test:  build a user for the scheduler model or username and tenant .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   executed
truth:  build   dictionary

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random os x .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  reads an image from a file of known tokens .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  read   indicating
truth:  read   images

test:  delete an existing organization cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  returns the value given an object_list and a field .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the multiplier and put the multiplier at a given number .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  update user .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  update   widening
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   allows
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   extract
truth:  selects   version

test:  helper for setup .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  add   inputhook
truth:  add   sys

test:  checks to see if a process exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  returns the current magic magic .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get a collection of rights for a collection .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a tuple of daily viewed daily .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  convert a encint to a encint .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  open a lock file given a filename .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  determine if a path is inside another loop in a list .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  uninstall a single package .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  the view that uses the fields to raise a fields error when a .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decodes string value into auth .
truth: print line . 
test:  print   small_stmts
truth:  print   line

test:  validate that the review groups is valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   decide
truth:  validates   groups

test:  convert an ipv6 address to a modified graph .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test the behavior of --editable --outdated flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  turns any file system path to a url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  updates the given data with the given data .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  convert a space separated string to a scope value .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  construct the fab effect of a length e .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  moving   offset
truth:  moving   parameters

test:  context manager that keeps the suspend to the current block of false .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  prevents   loads
truth:  prevents   changes

test:  parses a list of arguments and returns a dictionary of name-value objects .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  parse   bartels
truth:  parse   contents

test:  remove all connections from an http version .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  rebuild   skips
truth:  rebuild   connections

test:  image data resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  determine whether there is a mne sort request .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: log os . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  decorator to copy a function from a function .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  converts dictionary keys to dictionary .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  require the actual file to match the given path .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compute percentage of average_precision_score loss for each element in the predictor admin et al .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  check for the existence of the method .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  checks   containing
truth:  checks   ip

test:  return the number of seconds corresponding to the given ip address .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  convert   searches
truth:  convert   duration

test:  fuse -> host_from_gpu(rebroadcast(x)) .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sets opacity .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  return the default spatial pooler implementation .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a file-like object from a file .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  parse   storing
truth:  parse   template

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  reboot a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   pulls
truth:  reboot   null

test:  configures an individual probe .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  maps   emits
truth:  maps   definition

test:  converts a number of file like obj into a long number .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  open an image file .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  setup the default app for app .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  setup   mutes
truth:  setup   app

test:  finds and returns the windows feature .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  converts   reveal
truth:  converts   sequence

test:  show all scrollbar within the current users .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  tests for valid units with kwarg kwarg .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  an existing draft revision .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  create   capitalizes
truth:  create   revision

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   solves
truth:  create   pagerduty

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   aligns
truth:  mount   volume

test:  executes one entry point for the given string .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  display   expects
truth:  display   queries

test:  parse the subscripts for a query response .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  split   install
truth:  split   response

test:  indicate one of the descriptions required to one space .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  convert   latex
truth:  convert   mne

test:  hide an configured backend to be used for the script .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  return   stolen
truth:  return   fileserver

test:  compute the elimination matrix to the estimator of a vector parameters n : array .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   lstrip
truth:  build   set

test:  create and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  force the binary data to binary .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  function   format
truth:  function   parameter

test:  gets a chain for the given ref .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  find   proposed
truth:  find   chain

test:  copy a file or directory .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  gpusparseblockgemv -> sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the tool is a userland .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  update a repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  run commands .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attach a block storage volume name server name the 5x5 to attach .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  a decorator that allows us to use of a command-line interface for each feature .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  inverse hyperbolic cotangent .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   sparks
truth:  change   number

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   switch
truth:  resets   list

test:  return the final status of all final statuses .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  get   inform
truth:  get   entry

test:  returns a path to target at a path .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  verify that an exception level is executed .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  apply a connection to the old-style engine .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  produce   mixed
truth:  produce   engine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  appends the controller to the end of a body .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  provides   install
truth:  provides   response

test:  force the default outgoing interface to be used for this minion .
truth: given a server . 
test:  given   clones
truth:  given   server

test:  return the list of parsed options .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a new field name .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  render a json chunk of sending the given data as json string .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  renders   aliased
truth:  renders   json

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  prints the index of the last line .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  starts   generating
truth:  starts   shell

test:  return a dictionary of information in the specified account .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  install certificates and private key required by a task .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   listen
truth:  install   key

test:  build the docs before systemd complete .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   intrepret
truth:  build   pdf

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  epost provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  post   disallow
truth:  post   identifiers

test:  helper function to return the cohort for a given user .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  load a yaml settings from the specified device .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  command   authorizes
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  pulls   to_bytes
truth:  pulls   encodes

test:  creates the thumbnail via http request .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  create   counter
truth:  create   thumbnail

test:  run a function using a thread .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  ensures   reported
truth:  ensures   function

test:  compile fnclex from the bytecode to generate letter .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  appends supplied namespace list of vlan_id namespace from soundcloud .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  convert a number between 0 and numbers .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  builds   blocks
truth:  builds   representation

test:  return the list: dataset but used to return a misplaced instance which is linked to the real json type .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  returns a list with the frequency derived in the inputval .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  returns true if the given url matches the given language .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  fetch the list of semanage data .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  get   edit
truth:  get   ports

test:  get the config file name from a jobconf .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a list of tuples containing all of the path to the directory where sources is false .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  archive   downloading
truth:  archive   package

test:  get the tdes string representation of a color running under the course .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  wrapper for image_resize_image .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  deletes database tables .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  converts a string argument to a unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  compare two dictionaries .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether or not the given pattern matches the given patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  determine   gauss
truth:  determine   strings

test:  copy options file .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  read the settings from the configurations .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  check if all items have no objects .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  determines whether the user has allowed access to the given uid .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  convert a subscription and/or subscription to the native subscription subscription .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  retrieve a plot from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   stacking
truth:  retrieve   grid

test:  remove invalid auth body from response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with decision-tree .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  get an tag count .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  provides a new .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  compute the p-th power of the l**p distance between two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   rfc
truth:  compute   distance

test:  we only tell the regexp back to the end of the bcc .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  substitute   randomise
truth:  substitute   message

test:  return an iterator over the addon error in which has been built by the non-whitespace .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  decorator that checks if a file has the named attributes .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  skip   remounts
truth:  skip   obj

test:  update the previously statistic data .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  prepare   restoring
truth:  prepare   data

test:  clones a stub .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sort   switch
truth:  sort   list

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  displays the current time zone return the current time zone cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   start
truth:  displays   zone

test:  add a single node .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  parse a topic data to a dict .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   highlights
truth:  parse   update

test:  convert a long int to bytes .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  start the first mode .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  get all volumes belonging to a snapshot .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   switch
truth:  copy   list

test:  return current cli prompt .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  tokens   pulls
truth:  tokens   null

test:  list all vms on this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  checks if there are inside a inside a inside .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  updates a tvdb exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  extract metadata from different ways file .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  export geojson[p] of facility data .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write a string to a previously chunks .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  compute the singular values of a matrix .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  which organisation of the person is created from the training .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  show a message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  returns the [elementwise] common divisor of a and b .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  yaml: stash performs the jenkins display for a build build .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  get a snapshots .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  finds   knapsack
truth:  finds   request

test:  traverses profile profile current user .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a url to the tool shed for a given request .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  list rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  flattens a sequence of lists into a single sequence .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   lstrip
truth:  flatten   set

test:  return system information cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  fixture to initialize database groups .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  creates   decide
truth:  creates   groups

test:  generate a random number .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  sleep   sparks
truth:  sleep   number

test:  create an application which is suitable for running python application .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  removes a page with the given each line .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  joins   tracks
truth:  joins   urls

test:  check if a field has a reverse ipv4 address .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  for intconstant exchange set_subtensor .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  function   fileformat
truth:  function   self

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix cosine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  a shortcut for checking if the node is actually a node .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  uninstall an email to the site .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  remove   init
truth:  remove   modules

test:  calculates the coefficient for the mean of the values in the passed axis .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  tests   contructs
truth:  tests   sample

test:  loads a given path from a recursive file .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  removes   authenticated
truth:  removes   everything

test:  fake distutils .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  given   homebrew_packages
truth:  given   structure

test:  wrapper around dog_stats_api .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  update   flow
truth:  update   fields

test:  maxheap version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   backs
truth:  returns   mean

test:  test dot with an array of labels .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  replacement for service .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  get the hardware address for the machine .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  check for logs freed errors that require startup has no errors .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  logs   capturing
truth:  logs   error

test:  compute the square degree of two univariate polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  extracts the specified features provides the database .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  create and return a deferred which will be used to ssh custom options for the ssh management .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  recursively set a temporary file and all modules in the given directory .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  looks to upgrade an existing package .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  upgrade   suppress
truth:  upgrade   software

test:  returns a tuple of subclass types .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  context manager to temporarily disable the temporary directory .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   extract
truth:  context   version

test:  returns true if some possible difference between the two possible difference are equal to the highest .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  checks if the extended-length path is valid .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  check   carry
truth:  check   test

test:  returns the difference between two strings .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  get all packages whose names are properly .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  return   simplifies
truth:  return   packages

test:  does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   knapsack
truth:  does   request

test:  input is never have a complete mapping .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  have   simulating
truth:  have   input

test:  factory to load models from a file .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   copies
truth:  list   clusters

test:  returns a method with a new-style method cookie .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  mock the tab returned by json .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  mocks   pulls
truth:  mocks   null

test:  return an html string with all doctype from the given doctype .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  validate that pack is a valid zipfile name .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  add a type to the correct type for the given type .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   presents
truth:  add   mapping

test:  create and return a suffix to a .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  send deete into table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  returns a list of reset sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  repeat calls to func with the same arguments and dump the results in the datastore .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  factory that returns a dictionary containing all regextokenizer in mailchimp represented by the given mailchimp cluster .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  initializes   trivial
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  create a size of width default aspect .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns the height tree .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  creates   configured
truth:  creates   tree

test:  install mobsf .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  add a nid method to an existing method .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  formats a list of message sizes for the given boundary response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  convert state to boolean state if state isnt present .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  guess   currents
truth:  guess   state

test:  check that get_readable_fileobj leaves the structure in any pyephem distance between the right distance and right are replace .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  handle the users message data .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  deserialize field .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  deserialize   extract
truth:  deserialize   version

test:  returns a given base hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  the main program function called from the minion .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  publish   customized
truth:  publish   salt

test:  takes a dictionary for modelviewsets with duplicate values converted to a query .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  create a new guppy setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  decorator that specifies the decorated function as a handler .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  helps   pulls
truth:  helps   null

test:  given a task_id .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  remove   cause
truth:  remove   option

test:  a simple wrapper for storing the expected method of the given list of numbers .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  convert a bytestring in utf8 to utf-8 strings .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  loads the requested point number of gpus into the filesystem .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  resolve   igor
truth:  resolve   device

test:  breaks breaks on a generator of tuples .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   flask
truth:  calls   times

test:  delete a resource .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  cracks a path .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  dumps   decide
truth:  dumps   groups

test:  this decorator takes a fake argument and returns a boolean .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  creates a argument for this script from the options .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  creates   promotes
truth:  creates   argumentparser

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  returns a private key for a private private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns the linkage distance between any non-singleton order .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  delete users user cli examples: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  get networks hosts config for an nicely .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  compute the index of the 3d function elementwise .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  extract   knapsack
truth:  extract   request

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   consisting
truth:  test   link

test:  get the dot product of the first sunday in the first kind .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  for an api operation that includes the configured api .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  callback to exact rate our random expression .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  computes   bench
truth:  computes   value

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   safe_octal
truth:  cleanup   class

test:  returns true if lock can lock the given file-like object .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  lock   enhanced
truth:  lock   object

test:  returns a list of the elements of any utf16-be that contain any given promo .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts a list or a string to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   hover
truth:  converts   bytes

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  make a matplotlib ellipse from the given matplotlib level .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  execute a command and read the output data from the yaml file .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a list of entries to an integer .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  converts   quoting
truth:  converts   comma

test:  generate a random encoding string .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  takes   supported
truth:  takes   paragraph

test:  replace y values with a newline that will be applied to a newline object .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  convenience method to get a control preferred server .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  generator to return the appropriate top_elem over a sequence .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  yield   enhance
truth:  yield   items

test:  sum a set of taxes representing taxes .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  stack   normalise
truth:  stack   taxes

test:  collect file contents that have been updated with given version .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  walk   local_rvs
truth:  walk   addons

test:  ensure the compiler list of the qt list can be rational or optionally english .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   unleash
truth:  deletes   store

test:  test the setting of disregard .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   bench
truth:  test   value

test:  update library library .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   regressiont
truth:  updates   index

test:  convert a to a generalized subclass for an array .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  scan a :py:func:time build element .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   tear
truth:  build   module

test:  returns task data for a task .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   reverts
truth:  set   age

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error when given a sigmoid tuple .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  add to the infill .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  separate ast via an expression .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  this function takes an identifier and returns an user object .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  convert string to an integer .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  returns a k[x] generated components in breadth-first-search from a directed graph .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  merge   initalize
truth:  merge   k

test:  a helper for tricomi the udivisors polynomial of n .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  change random chars of the string to upper case .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  change   block
truth:  change   chars

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  utility function to generate a unique numpy array .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  adds a new public feed .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  read a local node label id from a filename .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   reads
truth:  return   metrics

test:  renderscene - opengl configuration .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  print out the data passed into the function *args and kwargs .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  output   protects
truth:  output   args

test:  create a private ip for the linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  creates   containing
truth:  creates   ip

test:  test inserting sphere model creation from github matched model .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  return the information on the system .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  basic indexing with the given value indexing .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  =   pulls
truth:  =   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  clear cache or file from given document .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  clear   allocate
truth:  clear   user

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  split a list into two given resulting strings and a set of characters .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  split   borrowed
truth:  split   instances

test:  tests that the in-db file extension cannot be instantiated .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  try   imdb
truth:  try   store_fs

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  returns the list of dict from relevant api name .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  recursively copy the source file to a dict .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  parses a single record in a compass file .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  parses   restoring
truth:  parses   data

test:  yaml: load load a least build step .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  pulls   fake
truth:  pulls   load

test:  delete a new workflow .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  convert v to a pure complex complex complex .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  validate the configuration .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   forbid
truth:  validates   options

test:  tests that *x* constructs constructs of trades .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given resource usage .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  compute the trimmed valued memory at the given axes .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  compute   offset
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  get a console console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   ordered
truth:  get   console

test:  check that the minimum of the dataset labels need to check the same labels .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  resets password page .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  password   exit
truth:  password   handling

test:  convert 2 background channels to rgb values .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  default function for handling get requests to :raises: .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  downgrades a datasets metadata .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  return an ip address of our host and put it into the designated list of configured on the interface .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   repeat
truth:  inplace   scaling

test:  check to see if the database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  render a view that renders a custom certificate template with the given certificate context .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  picks   derive
truth:  picks   templates

test:  returns generator of the best matches the given character name .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  yield   flashes
truth:  yield   characters

test:  make sure a string is an instance of a markup .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  convert   aliased
truth:  convert   json

test:  returns all randomsymbols within random expression examples .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  given   sums
truth:  given   expression

test:  return a list of eventrenderers from available events .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a new pub/sub endpoints .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  resize a lost partition that was located somewhere between start and end .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  resizes   sparks
truth:  resizes   number

test:  compute nth moment of a given image moments .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parallel decorrelation .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determines whether the given django settings should be located in the module .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  try   lambda
truth:  try   django

test:  for checking the measurement containing a link to the remote location .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  set   socket
truth:  set   projection

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  provide   flip
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  removes a timeline associated with the pipeline .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  returns true if *obj* is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  show a list of pairs for each model in a given job .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  returns   signal
truth:  returns   datasets

test:  combine zero or more scalar stats into a single games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  list all condition devices .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  gather   restoring
truth:  gather   data

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   cutting
truth:  get   writer

test:  returns an image path that is found with the given url .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  list the metric available .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  disable the obey .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  moving average convergence/divergence fix 12/26 .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  deletes a single column constraints .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  create a test object for use in configuring mode .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  install   skips
truth:  install   connections

test:  find all have a given readme points .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  test for a composites set_config .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  return the list of resource tags .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  print colors formatted for the given message .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  remove the old data if it exists .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  removes   restoring
truth:  removes   data

test:  return service .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  display   stores
truth:  display   name

test:  retrieve a mozilla object by name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  returns a boolean value parameters passed to the passed value .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return python documentation document .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return a set of targets that are supported by the user .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  return   offer
truth:  return   queryset

test:  set the windows api hook .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  given a project file .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   defines
truth:  retrieve   attributes

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  test to make sure the volume names are properly filename in python .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  test   step
truth:  test   names

test:  helper function to get rid of a test .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  link to the visible devices .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  calculates   allows
truth:  calculates   subprocess

test:  extract json file from json .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   expect
truth:  extract   body

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   setup
truth:  returns   equivalent

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  get the rotation rotation angle in an rotation angle .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   docfield
truth:  return   angle

test:  this function handles digests that are complementary .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   modbus
truth:  decodes   cookie

test:  generate a standard set of values .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns whether the given object is a version of string .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  filters element items in a sequence .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   enhance
truth:  filters   items

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  compile the ir targetctx .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  return a dataset class corresponding to the cache .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  return a list of the numba attribute from a precomputed file .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save a package in the datastore .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  convenience function for removing temporary test files or dirs .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  handle the customer api .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   designates
truth:  get   matrixsvg

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  extract configuration file and return a numpy instance of the given configuration .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  extract   exclude
truth:  extract   discovery

test:  gets an instance of the secrets blob map .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  gets   encapsulate
truth:  gets   instance

test:  decorator to check policy corresponding policy is associated with an action .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the post .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   escaped
truth:  do   post

test:  get the get git preferences .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  validate validation fields in valid helper function .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  checks   switch
truth:  checks   list

test:  create a new [needle]__[index]__[possible_match] object for the given request .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return each of the given url .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  produces   takes
truth:  produces   stream

test:  removes the browser item from the scenario .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  go   bring
truth:  go   page

test:  convert c to utf-8 string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  write a version to the previous version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  inserts   bench
truth:  inserts   value

test:  kronecker product of feature columns .
truth: returns np . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check for options in the path .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  checks   averaging
truth:  checks   encodings

test:  computes a batch of variables in an array .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  compute gaussian noise for identical components .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  this is a list/tensor function that may have been moved to control execution .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   debugging
truth:  build   dataset

test:  ensure ast can compile an ast requiretests .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   match
truth:  make   syntax

test:  an expression to hide all variables of the source variables .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  rewrite   associate
truth:  rewrite   expressions

test:  saves an object to a workbook .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  delete   clip
truth:  delete   record

test:  checks that the prepares of the rest interface has been synchronize .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  find the standard free payload .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  locate   pulls
truth:  locate   null

test:  like getattr .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  open a google cloud storage file .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  opens   decimals
truth:  opens   storage

test:  demonstrates use of equations using microsoft attached to zero-pole-gain .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  prompt   separates
truth:  prompt   echo

test:  get the face index index .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  execute a ruby command .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  normalize the given coordinate list to rescale .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  combine zero or more model instances .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   constrained
truth:  combine   functions

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   widgets
truth:  removes   responses

test:  updates all translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   b1
truth:  updates   translations

test:  message function to catch any errors that will fail on the error message .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  log   order
truth:  log   traceback

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  return the population variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   variance

test:  iterates over a metadata file and yields lines .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  watch messages from a observer when the observer is created .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  tests   unsets
truth:  tests   watch

test:  prepare to load values of an environment .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  collect   sleep
truth:  collect   files

test:  task that returns a directory containing a task .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  report   middleware
truth:  report   clone

test:  returns the path to the static file that was allocated to the staticfiless settings .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  required   imported
truth:  required   galaxy

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a sequence of strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  decorator that allows you to define a single video in python 2 .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  change   flattens
truth:  change   output

test:  only work on systems which exclusively use sysvinit .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  construct an absolute path with millisecond separator .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  append   define
truth:  append   path

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   unescapes
truth:  add   rule

test:  return the internal tag for a record .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  returns a datetime object of given number of items .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  creates a remote method that returns something without waiting for a given topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  create an ns-package path from a list of tuples .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  converts a matrix x to the individuals vector .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  require several portage packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   simplifies
truth:  require   packages

test:  returns a token for the given user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  generate   scop
truth:  generate   token

test:  find the manifest file for a given css rule .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  find   verifying
truth:  find   face

test:  converts a string to a set of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the context associated with a device .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  returns the 2-d array of the default keras float type .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  drops math of interval .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  verify   making
truth:  verify   float

test:  wait for a message in the qutebrowser log .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  wait   byte
truth:  wait   statusbar

test:  only one qapp can exist at a time .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  login complete view .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  compute nth derivative of n and upper bessel function kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  return a client-side xml reference to the most recent encoder .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  check   exhaust
truth:  check   conversion

test:  return an :class: .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  get a branch matching the specified trie .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   emitting
truth:  get   character

test:  returns the first value corresponding to the given seqs .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  chooses   tz_localize
truth:  chooses   seq

test:  get a relative path from a list of tuples .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  gets the search location .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with queues and mac address .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  return a list of services .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify the portage tree for a given process name the host to be enabled .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  returns zen window for zen apache search .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return a xdg configuration file for arbitrary .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  check   maps
truth:  check   locations

test:  return the most common version of the remote server .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  return the dict where elements of a dict .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  accepts   step
truth:  accepts   names

test:  test histogram numbers for squares .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   organize
truth:  test   histogram

test:  return true if plot supports directories .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  test   restructure
truth:  test   tmpdir

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  compute the forget policy .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  using a valid vm type used to mean exactly exactly invalid value .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  test   teardown
truth:  test   type

test:  create a context factory that validates amp server factory .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   link
truth:  create   factory

test:  returns the full path from the core uri .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  exit on an event .
truth: force exit . 
test:  force   extended
truth:  force   exit

test:  create an iis application pool .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   flattens
truth:  decode   output

test:  installs a python plugin .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  scan for a process .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  use   reported
truth:  use   function

test:  rheader for formatting in folder found in folder .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  get a direct path in a list of complex loops .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  return the revision id of the last change .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  returns   capitalizes
truth:  returns   revision

test:  returns a wsgi response based on an error .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  pulls   roundrobin
truth:  pulls   application

test:  follow/unfollow thread fields .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  converts str .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   serialize
truth:  return   str

test:  get the value and integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  appends user options to the queue .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  called when the microseconds of the service is enabled .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  reports   support
truth:  reports   time

test:  returns a hostmask .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  return   opened
truth:  return   re

test:  this hook is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  take an xml document with xml text .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  edits   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  edits   problem

test:  return an format string from a given format .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  given an iterable of files .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  display the current database version .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  starting   extract
truth:  starting   version

test:  return path where the given color is in the given theme .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   profile
truth:  return   theme

test:  return the state of a container name container name or id 'docker cli example: .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  returns the full path to a yaml file for the builtin .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns a list of urls .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  walk the task argument as a dict .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  allow   pulls
truth:  allow   null

test:  compute the entropy of the entropy of y in bins .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  returns an image with "icons:" selector .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  return a logger with the specified name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   code
truth:  return   logger

test:  generate a flat map rule for each of the rules in rules .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  schedule url for basic schedule .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  issues a new stream .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  prepares   wanted
truth:  prepares   filename

test:  stacks a 2d tensor from a 2d numpy array .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  adds the optimization before inserting a node using the given boolean .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  skip a test if a test fails .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  decorator to serialize an object holding a file or vtk attribute .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  configure   restoring
truth:  configure   data

test:  outputs a serialized pipeline to a redis .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a different device for a device .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   pulls
truth:  compile   null

test:  retrieve a role by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  slugify slugify -- return html characters with xml entities .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  test the inheritance debug option .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  describe the cloud volumes .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  describe   aligns
truth:  describe   volume

test:  check if http client is successful .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  the virtualenv is running on a file .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  start an assets git repository .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  remove all files which depend not already be removed .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  preload and return default module .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  preload   pulls
truth:  preload   null

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid region .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  create a mock name for the given target package .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  check for log .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   reject
truth:  -   neutron

test:  sets the modules that the current request should be unique .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   created
truth:  set   mode

test:  generate a docker image for this docker image .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  an object that encodes the input string .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  fetches a web opener repository for a github opener .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  queries   tracks
truth:  queries   urls

test:  assign message types to a given node .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  return   fetches
truth:  return   parent

test:  bufsize type type .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  only apply a rule to the right coordinate .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   dictionary
truth:  apply   condition

test:  create a new kind of the target for target into a dict .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  nested   pulls
truth:  nested   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  check to see if the secret key matches the current request .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verifies   listen
truth:  verifies   key

test:  custom method for pootleenv .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  calculate   examines
truth:  calculate   peak

test:  get an http request header .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  returns a list of user names .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   eliminates
truth:  make   elements

test:  convert a string to a boolean or raise .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  extracts all the data from the given document .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  rewrite   saves
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  this returns a complex object from a file .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  crop an image onto the specified image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  converts a file to a string .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  applies   pulls
truth:  applies   null

test:  return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  replace local variables with .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  compare two lists of equal elements .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same number of rows .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   shutdown
truth:  stack   tables

test:  group the members for a group .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  replaces   rising
truth:  replaces   group

test:  select derivative of forrt from start and the underlying .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  calculates   print
truth:  calculates   approximation

test:  helper function to generate a mailing string .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  attempts to convert a unicode string to utf-8 .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  decode   project
truth:  decode   ascii

test:  internal method to get a version of twisted .
truth: available major . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct a single implementation of the given dataset .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  turn   retrieving
truth:  turn   compound

test:  use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   depends
truth:  use   def

test:  decorator for non-admin statement on vertical sequence .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  return   break
truth:  return   operations

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  create a new .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  retrieve the thread count of a thread .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  convert a time string to a human readable unit .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  returns   account
truth:  returns   human

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  runs   broadcasted
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install an git requirements .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  load certificate from a buffer .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  construct a tool shed shed url .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  determine   inquire
truth:  determine   tool

test:  converts the string s to a sympy expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  change control index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  messaging   bring
truth:  messaging   page

test:  language: ru -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   quits
truth:  pulls   ru

test:  change the alarm status of a alarm .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   check_string
truth:  set   hardware

test:  splits a datastore path into large url at the first part of the path at the beginning of the datastore .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  split   failing
truth:  split   style

test:  principal decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  apply a fill in a db .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  recurse   saves
truth:  recurse   links

test:  update the iterator within django .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  grab   echoes
truth:  grab   prefixes

test:  allows specific user to be resolved in most vectors .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  using   embeds
truth:  using   pandas

test:  helper function for rendering .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  render   presents
truth:  render   mapping

test:  builds date only used if the first date is a datetime object .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  sanitize a url to an element .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  sanitize   access
truth:  sanitize   url

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  shrink cache or the decorated cache implementations .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  make   assigned
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  submits a csv to generate a csv file containing information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test two instances of two sequences .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  returns the extent and its dependents used .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   redraw
truth:  returns   begin

test:  coefficient is y_in with respect to p .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  do not want to use the default django code .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the expression code with the completion function assist .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  download an s3 object from a file .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  return the time in seconds since the epoch as a floating point number .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  helper method to register the log policy for a given engine .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  injects   hits
truth:  injects   filter

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  retrieve all available cloud provider data from this minion cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   squared
truth:  retrieve   vms

test:  get a hypervisor by name .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  function decorator for methods which return a handle to be used in function .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  pop local dict mapping the current local dict to the stack .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  safely check api function with vlans .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a helper method to get the leading bytes from a file .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  a context manager that changes the actual signals of a with statement .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  context   shed
truth:  context   exception

test:  convert columns back to inet for postgresql types .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  copy a file .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  infer a value into the specific value for a given type .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  infer   teardown
truth:  infer   type

test:  expands a type name .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  expand   stores
truth:  expand   name

test:  any test for imports .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  returns a list of paths to user-provides configuration paths .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  this looks up the default video file for a given pathext .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  returns   optparse
truth:  returns   extensions

test:  ensure that we can tokenize sources with translated .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   disallow
truth:  ensure   identifiers

test:  retrieves proxy information for a proxy type from the proxy url .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  parse   tile
truth:  parse   information

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  calculates the complexity of an cartesian time series .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  estimate   support
truth:  estimate   time

test:  create a continuous random variable with a f distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  retrieve the number of snapshots of a snapshot .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise truth value of .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  validate a workflow instance .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  fire   dumps
truth:  fire   signal

test:  helper for sample size .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  display the login form .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  returns the second conductance volume for a set of nodes .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decodes data in base64 format into a single string .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns the project factors for a given degrees of x .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  project   cleaning
truth:  project   matrix

test:  deletes a remote session of known index .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  is   setup
truth:  is   equivalent

test:  get the windows python compiler :return: returns a list of running on windows .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  determine   img
truth:  determine   compiler

test:  unary_expression : exclusive_or_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a cluster mask into a indices .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  create weight initializer for variance or bias inputs .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   exhausts
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  for each level of the non-none lengths .
truth: given an index . 
test:  given   regressiont
truth:  given   index

test:  show a message helper function .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  compute the discrete log base n .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  compute   xyz
truth:  compute   logarithm

test:  discretize model by taking the value at the given center .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that rvm is present in the given ruby .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a single aggregates .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return a set of active contributors for the specified product .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  helper method to create a class that uses the given params .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  purge any environment variables that are present in env .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  is this a errant we used in a given log record .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  convert a polynomial fibonacci into a generalized number and b .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  transform   gets
truth:  transform   prototype

test:  compute the right completes kernel x and y .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert bytes length to size .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  page for a given page .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  serve   bring
truth:  serve   page

test:  retrieve information about a files .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  split and convert all systems list of objects to a field in the list of objects .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that the cache root exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   intialize
truth:  ensure   root

test:  replace the type of data with the type of a list of data .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  replaces   increase
truth:  replaces   nodes

test:  creates the modjk parser for this script from the given aparc+aseg .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  send jupyter notebook to python version .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  a view that retrieves notifications tokens from request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  run a console command and return its output .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  call   instantiate
truth:  call   arguments

test:  returns a permission permission name for the given user .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a dictionary of name strings .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file on sys .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  try   labeled
truth:  try   file

test:  writes an error message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  detect if the given function node is a decorator which makes sure the method node is used to replace the same as the decorators .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  determine   teardown
truth:  determine   type

test:  create a default filter .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  default   hits
truth:  default   filter

test:  calculate the loss for a predicted network .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  define   negotiate
truth:  define   loss

test:  resolve server ip address on successful event .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  log   fitnesse
truth:  log   events

test:  open telemetry logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   sleep
truth:  open   files

test:  return a class from the requested module .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  split an array into multiple sub groups .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  normalize a form community .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compiles   replaces
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  return a path relative to $pybasedir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return user input from the rest api .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  get   simulating
truth:  get   input

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  stores an image by the original added image and removing original values .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  put   overrides
truth:  put   channel

test:  calculate the nti command group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  restful crud settings for google cloud storage .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  embedded   access
truth:  embedded   url

test:  wait for a mathjax to be present on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  new web form .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove the feed from the feed .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   testlist_multi
truth:  remove   activities

test:  only load the module if keyring is installed .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  requires   pulls
truth:  requires   null

test:  perform label on a list of nodes and label .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  assign   linkify
truth:  assign   integer

test:  returns the provider id for a proxy .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  provides   linkify
truth:  provides   integer

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat dictionary of results .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  slugify a string .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  get the points path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse /etc/hostname and return contents .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  parses a single fits tree into a optional python data file .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parses   autoencoder
truth:  parses   xml

test:  generates a random k-out circuit for the given video .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  return   deduces
truth:  return   circuit

test:  craetes a table in a given project .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  create a snapshots template from a bdm merge template .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  write a new pack object to the given pack type .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  return string to be used for build .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  list all packages installed on the system .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  translates a snapshot into the cinder exception for the given snapshot .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  embed an image into the items media file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   forwards
truth:  embed   image

test:  the receiver that matches the supplied table .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  migrate   bounds
truth:  migrate   table

test:  returns the indices of an array along given axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  takes   restrict
truth:  takes   array

test:  returns a list of recursively targets by its contents .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given an supplied providers provider id and a list of current :arg key_id: the current alternate fields .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  removes a given single role for a group from a domain or project .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  build a face from a basic authentication .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  build   install
truth:  build   response

test:  import an image from a docker image uuid cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  import   forwards
truth:  import   image

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  helper to extract variable v in the value of variable v .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  extract   partitioning
truth:  extract   v

test:  send email to inform service .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  generate a single line from and b .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   pulls
truth:  collect   null

test:  registers a callback for log event .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  adds   pick
truth:  adds   callback

test:  simple endcodes handler for service .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  pulls   searches
truth:  pulls   duration

test:  destroy the attachment record .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   slices
truth:  destroy   attachment

test:  returns failure and changes the given failure for the given register .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   represent
truth:  returns   failure

test:  generate rotation matrix for rotation .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  rotate   indicating
truth:  rotate   images

test:  redirects the user to the support page .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  return   cifs
truth:  return   httpresponseredirect

test:  a context manager to toggle available on flopen .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  shortcut   constructs
truth:  shortcut   lock

test:  get an ip address for a given range of time .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  return true if mode is from a fifo .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  convert   created
truth:  convert   mode

test:  converts a dictionary to a list of items .
truth: like repr . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  find channel based on tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  given an optional set of tuples .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  allows user to add a page to the user .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  pulls   ask
truth:  pulls   demo

test:  clears out all alarms on the local node .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  clear   rescales
truth:  clear   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  construct a buffer options based on the buffer and a buffer remaining integer representing the freq freq youre .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parse   caused
truth:  parse   return

test:  compile a pathname object for a file .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  compile   labeled
truth:  compile   file

test:  export an image from the selected revision .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  returns a group members .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   rising
truth:  returns   group

test:  output the vm vm : string vm to be stopped key : string start of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   hostname
truth:  start   vm

test:  fetch an image from the values dictionary .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  validates that a python document is a bson document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  returns a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  checks if the particular dbref are either an instance or a dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  forms   pulls
truth:  forms   null

test:  return weighted sweep .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  return a list of the baremetal servers that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  set a options backend for the given name .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  set   fold
truth:  set   backend

test:  compute alpha from a the matrix .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  find   reshow
truth:  find   alpha

test:  change the actual header of a header .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  returns a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   capturing
truth:  returns   error

test:  write nested method types and converts dates to a response object .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  write   autoreleased
truth:  write   types

test:  returns string_ data used to a closed closed .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  remove an image from the sub-menu channel .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  converts   forwards
truth:  converts   image

test:  return the matrix to create a continuous random variable .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  return   constrained
truth:  return   functions

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  pulls   mocked
truth:  pulls   runner

test:  a view decorator that expects a single return value from node .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  represent hex color as provided by the given string .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  pulls   scales
truth:  pulls   prints

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  pulls   traverse
truth:  pulls   cert

test:  create potential objects from data operation .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   colored
truth:  start   operation

test:  returns the normalized cut size of a set of nodes .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  convert the value into a positive integer .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  delete an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   whiten
truth:  delete   computenode

test:  builds an int with the provider location .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  check whether depth contains the fuzzy depth .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return a monotonically increasing integer and integer stored in a single file .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  read a convenience network from an opcode .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  combines   prepopulates
truth:  combines   bits

test:  args: attributes: content - 明细数据日期 明细数据日期 明细数据日期 .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  converts   dst
truth:  converts   c

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  generate a filename and generate a logical key .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the downloader class corresponding to this external external external application .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   sparks
truth:  generate   number

test:  check if vlim is finalized .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  pyramid gaussian image .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  yield   means
truth:  yield   gaussian

test:  a noop function that returns the url as an xml string .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  create a cluster status fsm and a loop fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  create   point
truth:  create   status

test:  for a given url .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  constructs   access
truth:  constructs   url

test:  returns the bp for p .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct the url from a course url .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a validator that returns a validator .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  check if there is expired or not .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  get a complex path from the path .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  make a testcase method for an alternative class .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to print a directory and logs if it does not already exist .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   flip
truth:  use   python

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  remove the given file .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  yaml: file execute a build file or command .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  timestamp-like a datetime .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns the total content-type and a case ticket .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   existing
truth:  retrieve   ticket

test:  create a panel out of the data .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  converts   restoring
truth:  converts   data

test:  this is a *very* target function for a file .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the path for an executable .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  clear files or changing the cache file .
truth: cache management . 
test:  cache   implementing
truth:  cache   management

test:  get a list of path names from the registry .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  merge the given list of dictionaries into a single element .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merge   draw
truth:  merge   struct

test:  returns a list of used images from the system .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  generator over input .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  interpolated   pulls
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  check that the regression loc loc overide can be used like np .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  find all tags in a namespace .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  for routines that return a valid operation .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  coordinate   break
truth:  coordinate   operations

test:  returns a dict of files with the provided metadata and their metadata from a bucket .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  for an executable file .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  creates a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  saves the figure as plotly .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   memoizes
truth:  shows   plot

test:  generate a unittest .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  internal helper function to add labels to the plot .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  function   interfacing
truth:  function   axes

test:  test write the output file .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  test that you cant add store which is not created with valid slashes .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  callback for change of previous loglevel .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse gcode using the environment and dictionary .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  add a value to the lists .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  convert mask to a number of events .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  mask   exposes
truth:  mask   values

test:  allow turning deduping deduping merge .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  use   scramble
truth:  use   @roles

test:  compute nth derivative of n kind and weights .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   filesize
truth:  compute   derivative

test:  compute crc-32c checksum .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return id of a lhost .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  validates that value is an integer or 0 .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   decreases
truth:  parse   documents

test:  returns a list with forums .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  return system information for volumes mounted on the system .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  an exception when initializing has optional lines .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  header   stored
truth:  header   #

test:  maps any string to simplified collections .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  determine whether a file is equal to a size or a size or a size .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  filter   analyzes
truth:  filter   size

test:  launch the authn authentication policy .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  let   format_alignment
truth:  let   authentication

test:  generate a random usernames suitable for use in <script> .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  yield   outline
truth:  yield   hex

test:  filters out expression examples .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  finds   reported
truth:  finds   function

test:  return a dictionary of the value passed in values .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  dimension a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  limit   supports
truth:  limit   text

test:  remove repeating from task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  redefine this fixture to enable the celery job .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  launch the notification feature for the given server .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  this function checks to see if a file or a directory can be read .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  returns   initializes
truth:  returns   program

test:  return a list of the named file from which this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  return the absolute path of a path .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  fetches all templates from available templates .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   derive
truth:  fetch   templates

test:  return a list of available data error values .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  return the current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  returns   handles
truth:  returns   site

test:  accepts a dictionary with keys from a .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  split object id list into two list with set and tag sha1s e .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  return distinct axes according with given axes axes or the current axes parameters axes : priority .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  copy a file or directory tcltk .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   sanitize
truth:  copy   libraries

test:  volunteer cluster types controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  clusters   touch
truth:  clusters   controller

test:  check if a machine exists in jsi18n .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  change the users setting to the selected object .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  changes   terminate
truth:  changes   password

test:  generate a g_{n element extracted from a specified tag .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of test classes that are test cases in the given audit classes .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   carry
truth:  returns   test

test:  recursively set all objects in the given objects .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  return   datasets

test:  convert a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   publish
truth:  turns   graph

test:  cyclic_find -> int calculates the position of a substring into a list of int .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  returns   position

test:  quote an existing depth .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  print   display
truth:  print   print

test:  the main prefix for a given prefix .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   cleaned
truth:  register   configurations

test:  tests retrieving a calltree of the type support .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  test   created
truth:  test   mode

test:  ensures that the named group does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   rising
truth:  ensures   group

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  returns never or referer as a date .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  call   hits
truth:  call   filter

test:  return a tuple of for the current remote host .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  finished   pulls
truth:  finished   null

test:  return the language code for the given language .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  find the network on which the bridge is valid .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a server is enabled cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  checks whether user can automatic translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  gets the score allows to use for the given estimator .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  tell whether the command passed to the remote file .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  replace   assigns
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset in length .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  lookup an encoder .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  return the number of positive composite numbers .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the site directory if the theme is enabled .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  decorator for checking if theres a path at path .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  definition : literal .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  show information about the last opt .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  determine if timeout is an instance of a class .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  assert   mignotte
truth:  assert   things

test:  test designer .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  embed   sharpens
truth:  embed   qt

test:  return an in-memory workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  return the degree of f in a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  creates a bem flow for an exponentially-weighted .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  uses   suppose
truth:  uses   algorithm

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  l{collapsingpumppolicy} is the feel of a policy queue .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  is   holding
truth:  is   policy

test:  warn if the given config is not a sections .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets an iterable as an iterable representing the given collection from the given model summary .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  place an order by specified order amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  multi-dimensional slice slices is a list of shape .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  get   overwrites
truth:  get   shape

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   fold
truth:  test   backend

test:  get the profile model .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  get   pushing
truth:  get   model

test:  generate adjacency matrix for a given octet .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  place   increase
truth:  place   nodes

test:  create a database name database name to create a database user the password of the user host the host to connect to connect as password of .
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  remove possible entity headers that are present in the rest api .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  join two verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  adds a entity_pb to a search_service_pb tag for a given tag .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  adds   formatted
truth:  adds   rate

test:  get bench name for bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  run geonodes violations for a given node .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  runs   notes
truth:  runs   asset

test:  release an amplification value from an equalizer equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   sluggified
truth:  get   center

test:  compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = arrays for each pair of rows x in x and y in y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  delete server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  fix the windows file pointer .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  return the absolute path of a module .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns default term for default .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  returns   contact

test:  creates a zero-filled :class:cupy .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  generate beautifulsoup ast for checking parses parses parses from the given config .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  mutate   pulls
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get redis pattern .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  return the first provider days and vm it .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  check whether an apache apache reference the same .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  formats a sequence of quality scores into a new fastq point .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  makes   assume
truth:  makes   header

test:  generate a random string with alpha and seed .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  retrieve the contributions contributions for a given calendar .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieves   inserting
truth:  retrieves   calendar

test:  return inverse of integer array without sorting .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  redirects to a job .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  aborts   uploading
truth:  aborts   job

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  skip the nonwhitespace .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  return   query
truth:  return   position

test:  add a view via db .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  has   checkout
truth:  has   way

test:  elementwise exponential minus one function .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  pulls   simplifying
truth:  pulls   range

test:  read a single filename from the given file .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  read   batch
truth:  read   code

test:  read in meg format from file .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  converts   quotes
truth:  converts   map

test:  compute the trimmed sample standard error .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   simulate
truth:  unset   spec

test:  return true if the given context is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return the index of non-zero elements in sparse matrix a that contains the first element of non-zero .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  splits given two strings .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  fit and convert an empty points to a sorted string .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  estimate   offset
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  uninstall a python package .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   map
truth:  uninstall   implementation

test:  pack arg into a nested list .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  pack   switch
truth:  pack   list

test:  mock scenario .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns data retrieved from test_records .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  compute node connectivity for nodes .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   stores
truth:  escape   name

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  return the about page .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns all the css dependencies if it exists .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   write
truth:  returns   dependencies

test:  return an iterator over the given iterable .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  return true if the only if the browser has any booleanfields .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   whitelisted
truth:  returns   repo

test:  log and log an error with a given option .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  check if a link has staff role .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  does   labeled
truth:  does   file

test:  deletes a single exploration .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   coordinates
truth:  deletes   exploration

test:  the byte css algorithm for a single row .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  return   standardizes
truth:  return   byte

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  check that a password matches hashed password .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  returns a parsed config object .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  parses a token tag .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  dict of files that belong to a package .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  used   customized
truth:  used   salt

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   pulls
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  test if mistakes is an invalid "path" .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  exit   pulls
truth:  exit   null

test:  trained types: restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  converts a sequence of creation sequence into an creation sequence .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | map enum_seq .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot the axes of a current axes .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create a search line from log file .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  write   small_stmts
truth:  write   line

test:  create an hosts .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  reserve   allocate
truth:  reserve   user

test:  this is a wrapper around django .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  return the special rss url for given rss .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  uses a tornado url to async version .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   barcodes
truth:  uses   http

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns ngram logic of a sentence .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  function   query
truth:  function   position

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  modules view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  check if a file has protected permission .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  serve   sleep
truth:  serve   files

test:  retrieves sort keys/directions parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  retrieves   review
truth:  retrieves   keys

test:  ensure that the tpot list of search_maps are valid .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the default status cli examples: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  get   deflate
truth:  get   config

test:  delete a configuration option .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  merge two sorted task and create a single task in a sorted iterator .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  loads the module number and returns the module in it .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  retrieve   encapsulate
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  normalize a group of a group with a name .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  dictionary   default
truth:  dictionary   part

test:  override the original system .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  override   rendering
truth:  override   routines

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  provision flocker for a node using the specified user .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  return binary binary socket .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  the mounted mounted in the device .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  convert an ipv4 address from the epoch of value since the epoch .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for the difference between the bulkloader .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   safe_octal
truth:  sets   class

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  run the rabbitmq application .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  compute cross-talk functions for a given cluster .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  compute an nroots .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  compute   roots

test:  create a email with the specified options .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} external filter .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  verify that certificate is valid and can be valid .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  adds a dictionary mapping files to their underlying paths and remove any .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  add   sleep
truth:  add   files

test:  transform a entity_pb .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  make   redirecting
truth:  make   entity

test:  effect size for a string to be written to a url .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  draws   regressiont
truth:  draws   index

test:  catches the request for a specific offset .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  get   decorating
truth:  get   log

test:  if header_text is not none .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  determines   reinitialize
truth:  determines   subset

test:  ensure that the credentials are initialized with an invariant url .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  return options .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  check the ip address for an ip address .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  validate   based
truth:  validate   address

test:  read metamorph stk data from file and return as json .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test that imageidfield image can be included into the return_to return_to .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  test   labels
truth:  test   transform

test:  gets a tag tag from a volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  retrieve   building
truth:  retrieve   tag

test:  retrieve database record in database .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  retrieves   clip
truth:  retrieves   record

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  add   cause
truth:  add   option

test:  calculate an mri points for a mod .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  calculate   ignores
truth:  calculate   meg

test:  disallow default .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  given an html element .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  return dataframe year :统计年度 gdp_yoy :国内生产总值 pi :第一产业献率(%) si :第二产业献率(%) industry:其中工业献率(%) ti :第三产业献率(%) :第三产业增加值 :第三产业增加值 dcg:耐用消费品价格指数 :第三产业增加值 ti_yoy :第三产业增加值同比增长(%) .
truth: return dataframe year :统计年度 gdp :国内生产总值 pc_gdp :人均国内生产总值 gnp :国民生产总值 pi :第一产业 si :第二产业 industry :工业 cons_industry :建筑业 ti :第三产业 trans_industry :交通运输仓储邮电通信业 lbdy :批发零售贸易及餐饮业 . 
test:  return   unzip
truth:  return   year

test:  conditionally return a prefix based on the current user prefix .
truth: return env . 
test:  return   accept
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  determine if a file or folder is a valid filename .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  a sequence of text elements in a sequence .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  sort   supports
truth:  sort   text

test:  get profile id for a user .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  redirects to azure state .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  renders   occurring
truth:  renders   authorization

test:  returns the default component used for unset passwords cli example: .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  return true if given stream is in encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  like dict .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  help   pulls
truth:  help   null

test:  inspired function to be passed to the mutant .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all outbound outbox are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  an a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  pulls   express
truth:  pulls   -

test:  check if a named service is available .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fit out the meg coil .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  fit   offset
truth:  fit   parameters

test:  this is a proxy function to hide microsite_configuration behind comprehensive theming .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the routes rule .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set up the column .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  attempt   gzipped
truth:  attempt   completion

test:  revoke a node .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   theorem
truth:  revoke   privileges

test:  project version detail view .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   bring
truth:  project   page

test:  down a protocol buffer for a file protocol .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  make   parsefile
truth:  make   descriptor

test:  helper function to open a new database .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a task entity by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  fetch   redirecting
truth:  fetch   entity

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of the published published objects .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  walk over a sequence of values .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  maps   configured
truth:  maps   tree

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the diff of p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  pulls   renders
truth:  pulls   series

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  function used by pootleenv to determine the current application entrypoint object .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  adds a new language .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  a decorator that makes sure that a method is recorded .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints the given stream and trailing whitespace .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  substitute decimals for floats .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  substitute   pulls
truth:  substitute   null

test:  test to ensure that uuid works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  tests   pipe
truth:  tests   validator

test:  retrieve the list of available network ctid .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  install a new frontend tool shed to the given data .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  collect   restoring
truth:  collect   data

test:  convert an uri to a os path .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  check   crack
truth:  check   _

test:  assert that the comparison of any element in the same order .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  test covariance matrix from identical .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   climb
truth:  test   covariance

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  return details about the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  list all breakpoints .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read in package data group from hdf5 file .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  try   rising
truth:  try   group

test:  deletes a query that go go over the task .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  display a comment .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  handle   abstract_declarator_opt
truth:  handle   submission

test:  generate a list of tuples for the given nodes .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  generate a random text file .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  try to run matching the first matching filters and returns false .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  checks   instantiate
truth:  checks   arguments

test:  checks if two lazy .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   form
truth:  add   side

test:  logarithm of a tensor .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  return the current server unix time in seconds cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  returns a list of topic trees that are available as a list of topics .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   stops
truth:  returns   topic

test:  decorator that calls notifications with the given function .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  makes a very readable string .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract nothing from mako template .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sanitize a string .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  request to have students state for a problem as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  request   currents
truth:  request   state

test:  factory function for making binary data for binary inputs .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  automatically connect to a valid credentials for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test installing a package with console_scripts .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  create a new cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  compares two strings .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  compare   poll
truth:  compare   versions

test:  truncate text to a maximum number of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  truncates   supports
truth:  truncates   text

test:  test the classification report .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  like dict .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  reverses   pulls
truth:  reverses   null

test:  validates that the given password matches the given password and that the expected will be valid .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  hashes   terminate
truth:  hashes   password

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   stderr
truth:  gets   machine

test:  return a list of matching an object given a list of objects .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  returns a mobile token that is used by calling code .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  y_true mapping file .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  equivalent to equivalent in file version .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a bytestring version of s to unicode .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  adapted   lambda
truth:  adapted   django

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  deletes a public key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  uses a greedy list to generate a single strategy for g .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  returns   permutation

test:  returns true if the given value is reissues .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  returns timeline data for attendance .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  test time from time period .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  shutdown a running system .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  return whether the system is supported by running transparency .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  is   plucks
truth:  is   window

test:  code for start with the given regular expression .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  walk each test fixtures .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  get all vpc peering connection describe a given vpc name .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  return a tuple from an xml location .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  check if text >= in a color .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  test   supports
truth:  test   text

test:  serialize the data representation for a python data structure .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  convert a bytestring to binary string .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  make   hover
truth:  make   bytes

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   rollbacks
truth:  decide   desktop

test:  handle the data for a given model .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  list folders under the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  returns true if the input is related to birthdays .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  linear gradient of the row and return a list of all pairs .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  return data view from mne object instance .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  get   permutates
truth:  get   epochs

test:  returns a dict of all the keys found in the bucket that match a path .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   resample
truth:  looks   directories

test:  convert a list of numbers to a julian date .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  collect dask bag from a nexus .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  pulls   blink
truth:  pulls   zip

test:  given a valid timestamp .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  return   drops
truth:  return   call

test:  test if cache is deactivated in private-browsing mode .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  test   post_save
truth:  test   metadata

test:  extract the model from a fixed configuration dictionary .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  computes the rank of the first unrank .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  gives   pulls
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate a random test .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  helper to check if a temporary file contains a list of unique keys .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensures   sleep
truth:  ensures   files

test:  get the list of all available theme names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  this is deprecated code for use on the correct_answer .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  before attempting to guess guess the current user .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return a list of meters by project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   correct
truth:  execute   async

test:  create a new :class:greenlet for the given repo .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  get information from a particular location .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  run   point
truth:  run   status

test:  a decorator useful to modify tests for progress and will be run in a test case of a testtools decorator for actions .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the build platform for the running build platform .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  return true if the given url has explicit explicit explicit scheme .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  sets the number of different binary files .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   define
truth:  sets   path

test:  converts a timestamp iso 8601 timestamp to a datetime object .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  creates a 2d numpy array with corresponding 2d numpy array with white values for each dimension .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  reads a scenario object from a scenario .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  insert the index line .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  only load if ldap module is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fix the sys .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   inputhook
truth:  fix   sys

test:  migrate non-reference model sets .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  check   lcmv
truth:  check   models

test:  queue to make a valid etreefx for the calling user .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  creates the reverse view for reply .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  pulls   simplify
truth:  pulls   urlresolvers

test:  returns true if path is an absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  test an image report .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  constructs and constructs a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  pixels pixels .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  true if the provided repository is a malicious revision .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  context manager to check if were running in previous context .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a list of valid values of serial and an int .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  construct a string representing the maximum platform .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  checks   map
truth:  checks   implementation

test:  require a portage package to be installed .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  deregister class for an dispatch class with the given class .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  remove   label
truth:  remove   custom

test:  test with and demo networks .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  demo   created
truth:  demo   mode

test:  get the dot product of the pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  constructs a queue .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  wrap   uploading
truth:  wrap   job

test:  steps that match parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   swallows
truth:  create   fault

test:  given a linear shanks operators .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  parse the contents of a model .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  pulls   lcmv
truth:  pulls   models

test:  channel acknowledge section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  rebuild reduction .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get an ssh key for root to an esxi server .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  retrieve   inform
truth:  retrieve   entry

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  recursively convert text to xml .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  performs an initial clusters on a sparse matrix parameters x : ndarray the whole clusters the input matrix returns r : ndarray .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  reads the syntax error for the given file and returns a dict .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  rewrites   capturing
truth:  rewrites   error

test:  legacy a file system path and windows using the specified string .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  builds a generator that yields items for each count .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates maxstalenessseconds according to the model .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  validate   post_save
truth:  validate   metadata

test:  use this function to confirmation a definedname for an icon name .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  filter a sequence of tuples which comprise all jpg files .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  yield   enroll
truth:  yield   iterator

test:  fetch a specific dashboard client .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  query   review
truth:  query   keys

test:  sample a sphere .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  return argument untouched .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if the powershell already has powershell .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  determine   authenticate
truth:  determine   powershell

test:  returns a formal constant for the provided f(x) .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  determine the first suffix in a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  adds   carve
truth:  adds   word

test:  place imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   pulls
truth:  imports   null

test:  print a procedure .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return a composite transform for a theano graph parameters a : terms .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  build a windows command line options and build a remote distribution .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  build   stays
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  prints the usage .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  prints   compose
truth:  prints   usage

test:  get a value from rest .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  deserialize a stream or string of objects or string of json .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   shared
truth:  deserialize   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  checks for out of property keys in the specific property .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  normalizes   retrive
truth:  normalizes   checks

test:  load fixture data fixtures: comma separated list of repo .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  run   lambda
truth:  run   django

test:  estimate matrix for arma process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the name of the process using the named task .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  name   instantiate
truth:  name   arguments

test:  return an extension of the url .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  checks   fallocate
truth:  checks   admin

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   autoreleased
truth:  executing   types

test:  creates a form field from a form for the form field .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  start a machine by name .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   stderr
truth:  start   machine

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  execute a command as subprocess .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  this function converts an instance of the web server into a request .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  configures   offset
truth:  configures   parameters

test:  gets a dict with given user_id .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  records   allocate
truth:  records   user

test:  read command line from egg .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  find   dataframe
truth:  find   comments

test:  compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = arrays for each pair of rows x in x and y in y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  creates a function for a cffi type given an instance .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  convenience wrapper around detach .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  detach   colorized
truth:  detach   context

test:  test installing a wheel using a virtualenv .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  returns the description of a python structure .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  drop the metadata if it is temporary .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  clear   responds
truth:  clear   database

test:  returns true if *obj* is a file-like object .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  shortcut   pulls
truth:  shortcut   null

test:  dump details of a given launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  additional ~ for computing cdf .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  init init goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  returns the logs used for storing client .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  set the set the given properties and set the scheduled_at field .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  clear   looping
truth:  clear   node

test:  take a list of bytes .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  add the parameters for each shape in the given graph .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  replace   offset
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the windows computer description :return: returns a list field on the windows computer .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   unpublicizes
truth:  set   description

test:  single equality for a .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  convert   overwrites
truth:  convert   shape

test:  equivalent to a slice .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decode   enhanced
truth:  decode   object

test:  given a multipart/form-data file object .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  encode   flow
truth:  encode   fields

test:  deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructtimestampassetid" .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   search
truth:  deconstructs   d

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return a list of analytics and revision ids .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  given   capitalizes
truth:  given   revision

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  construct a version ports with custom version .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  legacy the list of --uptodate --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   been
truth:  test   format

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   remove
truth:  save   history

test:  return current user .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a context manager to get the immediate items matching http object .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  change   bench
truth:  change   value

test:  restart the named service .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  restrict input type to the positive numbers .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  restrict   teardown
truth:  restrict   type

test:  wait for the prompt to be done by the .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  make   draft
truth:  make   prompt

test:  this method replaces caught .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  wrap   promote
truth:  wrap   warnings

test:  register a custom plugin .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  add an domains and discussions and directories to user if we have a cookie .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  registers   estimating
truth:  registers   domains

test:  adds appropriate settings to the settings .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  adds   solve
truth:  adds   settings

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  setup the itunes sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  it should extract step steps into an array of steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a simple browse .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  browse   utf-8
truth:  browse   argument

test:  setup the itunes platform .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  determine if the source to fixed orient using_cores .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  check   looking
truth:  check   operator

test:  generates spherical polynomial of degree bessel in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  coefficients   acquiring
truth:  coefficients   bessel

test:  get the authentication url for a pull request .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  try   access
truth:  try   url

test:  reads bytes from file .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  same as opt .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the parsed session object .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  convert optional l**p to utf-8 encoded format .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  given an image from a vispy file .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  returns the index of the 1-indexed line .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  change the old user cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   embedded
truth:  change   example

test:  create an association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  verifies that the text has been fails .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  create a new network cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  readers that text by a single space .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  convert the function c{f} to a clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  pulls   evaluate
truth:  pulls   clip

test:  test that random sampling routine works as expected .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return a list of files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  remove a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   paging
truth:  remove   interface

test:  a cherrypy template scheme .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  verify that user has closed expired or closed have closed .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  test a simple test .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  cast an object to a file .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  view to display a list of available locales .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  disconnect signals on discussion .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   extends
truth:  disconnect   signals

test:  return a list of words from a given string .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  a function to get a new zipfile from a file .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  list   tells
truth:  list   vdis

test:  returns the default stim data for further data .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  default   go
truth:  default   channels

test:  clear the minion from the given mine and nodes .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  helper to add a slash to a request .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  make a ast for a python source file .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compile   reconstruct
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep and set the appropriate finder .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  put   encode
truth:  put   mac

test:  check if a collection exists .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   attempt
truth:  make   extension

test:  return a sparse matrix to the space value from diagonals .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  creates   ridge
truth:  creates   qcolor

test:  update the google_calendar_devices .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   alignment
truth:  update   section

test:  testing the vcenter server .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  returns the set of files from lines file .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribes a user to a creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   allocate
truth:  subscribes   user

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   stacking
truth:  restore   grid

test:  simple method for generalized the leading step .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  sort   map
truth:  sort   implementation

test:  register a service .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ on warning .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  return the eigenvector centrality for the images of the graph .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  get a new cl for a location .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  computes the percentage of header n_fft and x .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  -   sparks
truth:  -   number

test:  remove the sender senderkey from the registry .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  deletes an ssh key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  return the id for the given package name .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  tests that the user has *attempt_id* to reply user .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  group the group and uid id of a file .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  installs one or more packages if not already installed .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  deactivate   downloading
truth:  deactivate   package

test:  send email with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  return a formatted wrapper for a process of the given pid .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  load a configuration backend from the global .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  installs   downloading
truth:  installs   package

test:  ensure we have work numbers properly handled by the end of work .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   mignotte
truth:  ensure   things

test:  importing importing files starting with correct .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  ensure   invokes
truth:  ensure   works

test:  create autoscaler for the duration of a test .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  download user to a group .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  tests   allocate
truth:  tests   user

test:  this optimization does one entry to other .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this method ensures that a process is used to parse any unhandled modules into a string .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  process   equalize
truth:  process   email

test:  makes an attribute from the given environment .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  construct the given dict of pairs using the reduce method .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  return imgadm information for an image cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get all privs cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  args: controller : the appropriate controller for past programmes or distances .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  format the initial screen .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  format   encrypt
truth:  format   screen

test:  makes a miller-rabin approx for a non-singleton cluster .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  returns an or-ed version number from django .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  decorator to trigger a docker method or method if needed .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  apply a profile .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  implement numpys and b .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  check   collecting
truth:  check   b

test:  return whether a user exists .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return true if path is a system .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  return the type of the current packet .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  initialize bookmark completion model .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initialize   lcmv
truth:  initialize   models

test:  add group type access for group .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get path to standard mne-python data .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the tls address for display .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the maximum of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  returns   variance

test:  parses a single text directive .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  separate the ifupdown2 from the shared sigmoid .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  compute   mimics
truth:  compute   activation

test:  find a given object by name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  remove slashes or unnecessary file .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  report group by id and edit the group for a group .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  view   rising
truth:  view   group

test:  set the value of the configurations in the event .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  view a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   vms
truth:  edit   thread

test:  compares hmac1 and :nth-last-child() .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  exclude   tsv
truth:  exclude   components

test:  create pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  get the karatsuba and y values of x .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network device inventory information .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   igor
truth:  print   device

test:  return a new blockdeviceapi .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  validate   cleave
truth:  validate   providers

test:  retrieves the external gateway of an instance object .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  a added or transform .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  transform   splitting
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  get notification notifications from question .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that all zeros are handles an instance of a .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  verify   summarize
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  a fake implementation of chargeback .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  returns a formset-happy field from a field .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  used   dtype
truth:  used   arg

test:  output the user for the flash data .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  allow you deast deast on hyperexpand .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  expand   constrained
truth:  expand   functions

test:  get the status .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  read metamorph stk section of file and return as numpy array .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns list of lists of the groupings defined on the current request .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  delete custom files .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  clean   assume
truth:  clean   header

test:  returns a due date based on a posting party .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  this is a utility function that loads the dbms property and returns a dictionary of images .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  about page .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  converts a datetime object to a timezone aware datetime object .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  the identity ini client for an identity .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  returns true if the given file object has a given thread .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  render a template into a template .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  store the descendants for an instance .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  a context manager which launches a virtualenv .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  replaces database with the existing db .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  fixture   emit
truth:  fixture   access

test:  create an dict of filename -> dict of filename .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns a list of courses sorted list .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  return a file scheme to the paths .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  do not expose method .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  a helper for escaping .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  display   looping
truth:  display   node

test:  ensure a github user is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  patch email_utils file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  converts a container to a container .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  assures   satisfy
truth:  assures   container

test:  get a database schema .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  convert a dictionary of flags as a list of dicts .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  dump info about an error message but continue .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  test zero or more operators .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  assert   dispatch
truth:  assert   operators

test:  update sailthru marketing .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  enable   unserialize
truth:  enable   integration

test:  set the params for the verbose server .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  implement   inplace
truth:  implement   ovs

test:  configure the default address for a port .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  helper function for creating an image .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  get a tool shed repository from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  resize image stays .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  resize   forwards
truth:  resize   image

test:  jpeg data in jfif format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  test for a cache of issues .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  register non-default wemo binary sensors .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  returns a string that matches the given name .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  get   urlencode
truth:  get   item

test:  write the z-file metadata to a file descriptor .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns auth data for http auth .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  apply a function to a sequence of arguments .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  chained   float
truth:  chained   decorator

test:  drop out which do not exist out if any file is not found in the single .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  updates the providers cache with compile .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  populate   responds
truth:  populate   database

test:  signal to create user .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  return pathname as a file system path * url path * return pathname characters that will work on file system .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  select the stochastic using the stochastic individuals .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  load observatory objects from data .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  writes the message to the log file using the trace .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   randomise
truth:  writes   message

test:  skip test if test fails .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  cleans flowgrams if there are any of the sff .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  clean   labeled
truth:  clean   file

test:  convenience function for creating a single flowgramaligner object .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  return the applications base query .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  rebuilds   access
truth:  rebuilds   url

test:  create the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  call a function and exit with a given exit code .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  print   considering
truth:  print   debug

test:  use x .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  convolve   patched
truth:  convolve   y

test:  check if two images are multilabel .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  check   patched
truth:  check   y

test:  remove a file or directory .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  recursive   activate
truth:  recursive   delete

test:  walk jpg .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  checks whether the input is purely the remote host .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  test installing a package with no extra dependencies .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   loads
truth:  rolls   changes

test:  returns the symmetric value for the requested distribution .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  compute the gaussian variance .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  given   bitcast
truth:  given   boxes

test:  kill the given process .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  create an image from a transparency image .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  blend   indicating
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  b b to get the least two boolean values .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  write a file into a string .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   restricts
truth:  get   inset

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  check that sparse oneclasssvm works like the same result as samples .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  fetch data for dbms .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  validate the setup for nested driver .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  validates   demonstrates
truth:  validates   setup

test:  return a list of completions to be completions .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  return user copy of the user copy .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  creates field list for rest tags for supplied tags .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  take   drawing
truth:  take   tags

test:  parse key/value text containing the form of a dictionary and return a dictionary of python values .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  used   exposes
truth:  used   values

test:  return whether fmadm is a version of *x* .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load page from an application .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the system encoding .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  encoding   pending
truth:  encoding   default

test:  return the information on a package or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  delete a percentage of various values for the user .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  delete   referenced
truth:  delete   bookmark

test:  given the character w .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  converts a tuple to a valid python string .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the current secret from the machine .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  retrieves the next from a string .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  normalize univariate data to be elasticsearch .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  profile   plan
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create a track object for a given footer on the track object .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  convert uid name to a user id .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   was
truth:  convert   uid

test:  creates a synchronizes app for the application settings .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  returns   roundrobin
truth:  returns   application

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the second kind .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   routes
truth:  computes   chebyshev

test:  get the results of two tokens .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  removes the strings .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  dedent   gauss
truth:  dedent   strings

test:  handler for processing user .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  wait for redis worker to become redis .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  compare surfaces for comparing surfaces .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  pulls   sentiment
truth:  pulls   bem

test:  write a tree to a stream .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  print   configured
truth:  print   tree

test:  organize corrected given commands and returns list of corrected and unique values .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  yields   exploit
truth:  yields   duplicates

test:  computes standard results for white matrix with respect to white .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  generate a hash for file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  quote text for inserting into a shell .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  text   supports
truth:  text   text

test:  get a wsgi token .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  return a nuttall top window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if site-packages is 0 .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  check   computes
truth:  check   cell

test:  log a message .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  a generator returning all conll corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  split and convert the given candidate dict of candidate keys into a list of keys .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  return   centers
truth:  return   labels

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  a decorator that converts a function into a caller .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  given an application .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  sign   mutes
truth:  sign   app

test:  return a wsgi engine based on the database scheme .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  load   mixed
truth:  load   engine

test:  returns an httpresponse with the given http .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  search for releases and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  make a 2d plot of the given module .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   reported
truth:  plot   function

test:  extract a list of unique clades trees for the given trees .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  search   configured
truth:  search   tree

test:  fetch all packages found in the specified package .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression arrow id .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  pulls   facilitates
truth:  pulls   postfix_expression

test:  pop the signal that was last updated by the test .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  removes   deconvolves
truth:  removes   level

test:  write information to a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   populating
truth:  write   info

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   tend
truth:  get   chunk

test:  read a serialized timezone for an schedule .
truth: factory function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  find and return vera switches .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   travel
truth:  find   vera

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  encodes text for html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  encodes   skipped
truth:  encodes   use

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  output a dict mapping values to arguments .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  default view to return information about a csrf request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  return the current process name .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   flattens
truth:  verifies   output

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  read exactly until it returns data until it has been hermite .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   extracts
truth:  read   socket

test:  returns the single core overrides for this app .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  gets a subscription on a topic .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  depending on ipv6 addresses .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  add   ensures
truth:  add   anything

test:  accepts a buffer and returns a tuple containing that it as the detected buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  add users autogroup .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate some pending digest for a path .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  create a new default context for the default locations .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  implements the given data .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   do
truth:  convert   hashes

test:  the function which simply returns the function .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python constant source .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  evaluate   shared
truth:  evaluate   string

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test no items and no friendly if they are not found .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  test   unpatch
truth:  test   matching

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a document .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   iterates
truth:  escape   comment

test:  parse an integer from a list of ipv4 addresses .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  *true* check for one element in a sequence .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  used to echo strings to echo strings .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  echo   reported
truth:  echo   function

test:  create a gceblockdeviceapi group for a user and ensure that all rules are affected to the default security group .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  checks if the given user exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  create some sort of interactive window .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   plucks
truth:  create   window

test:  reboot one or more vms if its not already imported .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  reboot   squared
truth:  reboot   vms

test:  return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_class_name* .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   alter
truth:  return   mock

test:  create a block device object .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  load a list of module instances from a module of url instances .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   switch
truth:  load   list

test:  poweroff a running system .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  compute a change of dict .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  compute   deprecate
truth:  compute   cpu

test:  split a pathname into nt mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  deprecated   flip
truth:  deprecated   python

test:  check to see if a given score_reset exists .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  produces the base64-encoded policy for each record in the unit .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  find   holding
truth:  find   policy

test:  yaml: dynamic dynamic dynamic dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  on the local image .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  type: filter - nested filter parameters arr : object thing : list of tuples that contain any of of the object to filter .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a dictionary of norm to correct version .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  normalize   extract
truth:  normalize   version

test:  stop section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   alignment
truth:  stop   section

test:  return the repr for the obj .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check for the existence of a table & return the current table .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  return the full url from the request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  parses   access
truth:  parses   url

test:  get the evaluated boolean .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  returns the value turned into the dictionary with statement that contain none .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  show the appropriate button menu .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  hide   resizes
truth:  hide   icon

test:  recursively copy the item from the dictionary .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  pulls   svn
truth:  pulls   dicts

test:  return a string with markers in it .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  quotes   utf-8
truth:  quotes   argument

test:  tree contents of :func:subprocess .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  compute the bipartite clustering of g .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  unsolve or add an answer .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  accept   reauthenticates
truth:  accept   answer

test:  run a test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  template for writing list functions return a list of available images cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  template   constrained
truth:  template   functions

test:  formats output to a graph using the output format .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  export   located
truth:  export   method

test:  set environment variables for extensions .
truth: process part . 
test:  process   default
truth:  process   part

test:  remove special characters and unicode name from constants .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  convert   submitted
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  s the various -ic of a list of times .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  deletes the source field of a remote statistic .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  update   poll
truth:  update   versions

test:  ensure that given existing database is present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  test when the process fails .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  imports the class for the given module .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  test cover_path compilation on a test .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the special text .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  compute an alloc timedelta for the given definition .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   pulls
truth:  allocate   null

test:  convert a path from a bucket path .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  read the flat parameters from a file .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   offset
truth:  read   parameters

test:  create a flaky run for tests .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  provides the process id for a given process and returns it .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  table with col starts and convert each column into col object .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a storage object with the get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  generate a random integer with suffixes .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   implied
truth:  generate   seed

test:  flattens a list of unique elements into a flat list .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  converts any extra context to a string to a python object .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  test variable fall in the correct variable .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  check   randomise
truth:  check   message

test:  remove the discussion tab for the course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   cut
truth:  remove   tab

test:  encode a string according to an entityid settings .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  extract   search
truth:  extract   d

test:  gets the page size from the request .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  prints all the results in the core header .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   understemmed
truth:  prints   results

test:  negotiate and waits for upgrade negotiate .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  try   fix
truth:  try   websocket

test:  initialize the release level .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  clone   decompresses
truth:  clone   flocker

test:  jacobian of the network .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  function that processes show version information to obtain the model .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  obtain   pushing
truth:  obtain   model

test:  quit - exit .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  quit   clones
truth:  quit   server

test:  update and sends an api put as a generic formatter .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  test that we can folder when they dont have a folder labeled constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  check out the ico map .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  view that handles the password of an reset user .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  filters a user from the rest server configuration file options .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  builds   freezing
truth:  builds   configuration

test:  download and build sumaclust then copy it to the scripts directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   coerce
truth:  download   swarm

test:  returns the absolute difference between all coefficients of a matrix with coefficients for which n elements of the minimum [0 .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  module function to generate a password hash using the pbkdf2 algorithm .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  demonstrates use .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  shows   compressing
truth:  shows   menu

test:  configures and returns assname/assattr: .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets thread in lock .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  initializes   ellipsoid
truth:  initializes   pool

test:  returns a trivial media: graph cl_n of the graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  checks if hash is of type used .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression ge shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks that error is none and matches field .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test copy raw objects .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the python file for a given file .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  grep   labeled
truth:  grep   file

test:  return an object with the manager .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  given a python string or a matched expression .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  converts   failing
truth:  converts   style

test:  ajax endpoint to search type .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  search   slave_open
truth:  search   media

test:  the background usr .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  drops   allocate
truth:  drops   user

test:  inject names that would be used to inject the specified project in a --source .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  patches   assign
truth:  patches   requests

test:  unmount a devices from locate .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  lazy a running restorecon command for a file .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  reset   colorized
truth:  reset   context

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  returns true if discussions have a valid python version .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  sets the log level level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  create a course mode for the specified course .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  add   created
truth:  add   mode

test:  model fails with simple group while preserving known .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  returns true if the given agent is a valid set of all the attributes from an agent agent .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  pulls   obtained
truth:  pulls   clients

test:  check that the fields set correctly .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to bench .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  decode a string value from collectd into a list of candidates .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  decodes   bench
truth:  decodes   value

test:  hypergeometric risch differential equation with 4 fourier transform .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  associate current user with details using the email address .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  return   inform
truth:  return   entry

test:  encode a python unicode to unicode on python 2 .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  get the current ssh version or an ssh version if no version is not found .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  extract snmp from the snmp snmp if it was just a single snmp snmp snmp we can be parsed from the snmp snmp better .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   prepares
truth:  disable   router

test:  gets the current desktop api version from the table .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  show   stopped
truth:  show   statistics

test:  exported exported mode on a python source file .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  marks the current context as being a wrapper around obj .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns the cached content for the given location .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  retrieves   darken
truth:  retrieves   piece

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  return   utf-8
truth:  return   argument

test:  count the number of non-nan to the beginning .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  counts   returned
truth:  counts   numbers

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  evaluates an array that is unmask it .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   restrict
truth:  normalize   array

test:  compute the circular standard deviation for samples assumed to be in the range [low to be evaluated .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   containing
truth:  allocate   ip

test:  returns the shape of the int .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of a dataset of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  creates descriptor instance from descriptor .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  sets   defines
truth:  sets   attributes

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  produces a nn svg key in the provided dictionary .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  only prints a view .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  test completion completion for unknown .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  decorator to require an aggregate to be a function .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a dersequence object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  converts to ascii .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  flattens   pulls
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  this is a feature which is mainly to use in the plugin .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the expectation representation of a given expression .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrap some text that preserves existing paragraph .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   supported
truth:  wrap   paragraph

test:  install a certificate from a keychain cert_name the keychain to install the certificate to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   traverse
truth:  install   cert

test:  restart the current values of all nodes .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  display command details .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  print   constrained
truth:  print   functions

test:  decrypt the <file>" with corners .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  helper function to save and updates it with a new registration .
truth: register the device . 
test:  register   igor
truth:  register   device

test:  compute the length of a matrix from a given wcs .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  hash   recreate
truth:  hash   portion

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute shortest path lengths between source and target using a weighted graph .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return the path of sys .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  builds a fake payment_instruction .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   compare
truth:  create   payment

test:  helper to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  delete a containers and all containers in a container .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  remove   mounts
truth:  remove   objects

test:  load an image file .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  recursively convert two dictionaries first dictionary in d2 to d2 .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  returns the position content from node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  merge multiple sorted inputs .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   reallocation
truth:  merge   collection

test:  delete an object or raise if namespace or object doesnt exist .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  returns the xblock name of the section or subsection that corresponds to the xblock id for the specified xblock .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  prevents an auth function from the given action which prevents a given action function .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  hack   using
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant data to a mongodb user cli examples: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  grant   serves
truth:  grant   roles

test:  import and return *module_name* .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  process a resource .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  gets   negate
truth:  gets   resource

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   gauss
truth:  test   strings

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   uncheck
truth:  multiply   element

test:  it should take an array of regular step .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  recursive function for the compensation .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  ask   shared
truth:  ask   string

test:  generate an arp ip address .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  pulls   combined
truth:  pulls   ipv4

test:  return dns source of local or we need to ['lsblk' .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   catching
truth:  enable   quota

test:  get whether or not the server responds to use .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   fitnesse
truth:  displays   events

test:  same as int(ceil(float(x)/y)) .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  computes   imports
truth:  computes   coefficient

test:  progress section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  progress   alignment
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  attempt to decompose a permutation using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  optimized   calc_footprint
truth:  optimized   strip

test:  get the expected improvement of the current swarm .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  system information type 8 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  put the server into the admin server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  gets an sms string with the supplied number of smtp .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  create an instance of the given exponential .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   yield
truth:  returns   bool

test:  *func* *func* and offset string .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  iterates   show
truth:  iterates   notes

test:  test recovery ica components raw components .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  unittest decorator to skip a test if we have a message .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  attach a json story representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   populating
truth:  attach   info

test:  update the version in the database .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  update   returned
truth:  update   numbers

test:  example of a analytics event .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  sends   nested
truth:  sends   segment

test:  ciphering assignment section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  ciphering   alignment
truth:  ciphering   section

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ site-local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  this function provides a conversion to a variable and has a match to complete the output value .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  calculate   minpoly(add
truth:  calculate   words

test:  return logical seriously urls .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  determines   tracks
truth:  determines   urls

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns whether the command should be running on a log .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  click an element and wait for it to become element .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  some data: can be used to track a single module .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  echo   pulls
truth:  echo   null

test:  returns the request users in the given prioritize .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  yield   prioritized
truth:  yield   messages

test:  helper function to iterate over fields .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  iterate   flow
truth:  iterate   fields

test:  returns all single accessible courses courses .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  list   disconnect
truth:  list   courses

test:  returns the theano tensor as a number .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  simplify   array
truth:  simplify   computation

test:  require an ldap user .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  decodes a protocol .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  prepares   redirecting
truth:  prepares   entity

test:  same as lower .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test whether an error is properly .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert the input value into a boolean .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  write a socket wrapping win32 .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  write hash to file in restify .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  takes   labeled
truth:  takes   file

test:  return predefined results for command execution .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  ensure that the named grafana is absent name the name of the kapacitor to remove .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   uploading
truth:  ensure   job

test:  return a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  decorate a function as a listener for identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  converts a list of feed objects into a single feed string .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  read   pasted
truth:  read   feed

test:  delete pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  change the exit creator of a package .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  de-allocate a floating ip address .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  returns the minimum du of the given triad .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  no config file should gracefully extract settings out of settings values .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  function that measures the cross entropy between the target loss and the output: see :class:~torch .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  compute logistic loss function .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to preserve order of the list .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  get all user details .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   isolate
truth:  get   policies

test:  set a simple unnecessary to be used for every successful .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the values largest bits that should be a dictionary .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   exposes
truth:  find   values

test:  test chart rendering with a chart configuration .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  gets the region for a phone code object only when a phone number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  find   execute
truth:  find   region

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  plot the correct lvm image to a pandas dataframe parameters im : int .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  generate   parens
truth:  generate   figure

test:  takes a single space character and returns the number of characters in the space .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  print a string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   shared
truth:  print   string

test:  this function encodes the net data type for use with the same name .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  reads the contents of a device file .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check that the user is logged in .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  creates a set of valid variables for each combination of data .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  extract   pocsuite
truth:  extract   n

test:  bind the effective clause given values .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  returns a randomly generated by the same results as the datetime .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute the harmonic central moment of a number of confusion image parameters x : array_like array of confusion .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  parse a filename and return a dictionary of model objects .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  parse   wanted
truth:  parse   filename

test:  provide a prefixloader .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  get a list of the files that contain a particular image .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  find the host from the xenapi host and compute them .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  generate a cookie name from a list of strings .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  generate   orders
truth:  generate   alias

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  decode a response as json .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to path .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   translated
truth:  write   g

test:  formats a date as the given expiry date .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  show   focused
truth:  show   dates

test:  fixture which provides a fake config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  get the restful notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  generates the cyclic group of order n as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   rising
truth:  generates   group

test:  clear all stored logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clear   hacked
truth:  clear   buffer

test:  handle an exception grok .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  generate   randomise
truth:  generate   message

test:  return the contents of a file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  format text with line numbers .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  displays   returned
truth:  displays   numbers

test:  get an item from an object .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  returns a list of all table names initialized in the given catalog .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  tries to parse a single line of a line of the regex line .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  helper function that creates a minimal minimal filter on passed in .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  call e .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  ignores   restart
truth:  ignores   account

test:  returns a random job prefix based on the provided job prefix .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  returns true if d has no percent .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  check   produces
truth:  check   identity

test:  returns a string representing the date and job units .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  pulls   dereference
truth:  pulls   width

test:  read data in the file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  is this file an zip file which could be jinja2 .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  internal method for encoder .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  initialize   freezing
truth:  initialize   configuration

test:  returns the mntd .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  find   highlight
truth:  find   row

test:  builds a list of hint hint hint from bad position .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  testing that the successful quotes within double quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  revoke out the panel signals .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   requesting
truth:  revoke   i

test:  returns the difference between two lists of strings a and b .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  construct a string containing a command .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  load current redirect to context .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  load   colorized
truth:  load   context

test:  checks the field has a valid datastore .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test reading a unbounded column with unbounded right right data .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   located
truth:  mock   method

test:  parse and opennebula a list of strings into a string .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  add a message along the given namespace and visible .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  populate   flattening
truth:  populate   field

test:  returns an image from an kronecker file .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  returns   outline
truth:  returns   hex

test:  cast arg into an int or return type .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  attempts   contributed
truth:  attempts   t

test:  returns a formatted string version of a time object .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  pulls   childnodes
truth:  pulls   timestamp

test:  renders messages with a plain messages that has no messages .
truth: show django . 
test:  show   lambda
truth:  show   django

test:  return true if the path is within a dependency .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  detect   define
truth:  detect   path

test:  get the names and default values of a functions arguments .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  language: pt-br -> language class supports french through french .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  reset warning behavior to a warning .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  set   pings
truth:  set   behavior

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   uplink
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize parameters .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  initialize   hanging
truth:  initialize   variables

test:  attach a logging handler to the global log file .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  setup   attriute
truth:  setup   stdout

test:  a filter that checks whether there is a subset of the nodes in the given element .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  takes a list of labels and returns the appropriate vote for each layer .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  assumes   centers
truth:  assumes   labels

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  retry   reported
truth:  retry   function

test:  congestion section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  control   alignment
truth:  control   section

test:  gathers default handlers from :py:func:_ssh_run .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  returns the http requests path_info as an executable .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate internal parser for externally authenticated user .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  example of the current search history .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a json formatted json file from cache directory .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  loads the copper data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  run system command and return its output .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  helper function that returns the html message string .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  test installing from a non-editable from a clamp .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  decorator that passes a stack request parameters .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  pulls   isolate
truth:  pulls   policies

test:  parse snowball text containing tuple of form values .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  get the list of image public pools .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return certain version of the current linux version .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  this function normalizes a given row to the principal mean .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns the wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  generate image containing tree by given image .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  return   plan
truth:  return   profile

test:  converts a string to a byte string for an ipv6 binary string .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return true if we are using any file in any file .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  returns a fault parameter for the given suffix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   labeled
truth:  execute   file

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  performs a permission requests check with the given signature .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  retrieves   assign
truth:  retrieves   requests

test:  prepare the builtin prompt for the given input .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  load an aff4 object from the attribute dictionary .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  returns matfile version of the file .
truth: return major . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  load an image from a file .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  returns true if primer ok .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns if the edit view should be valid .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generic bivariate copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  takes file like 9 and returns the unix mode .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  retrieve an ethernet frame for a given model this function is called in a class .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  find   talk
truth:  find   packet

test:  generate an or-ed series of shifts for the first count digits .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   trims
truth:  generate   shift

test:  return the class registered to the given alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  attempt to run a valid python script on soundcard .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  prepares a document for the large package .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test the input and target for two source .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write the new graph file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  generate   restarts
truth:  generate   refs

test:  returns true if the tool is datasource .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   inquire
truth:  returns   tool

test:  takes a draft location as a dict .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  check whether scipy is equal to an array of scores .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  check   hits
truth:  check   filter

test:  internal method used to test the fact that authorization fails in a warning .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  branch a collection of characters in natural .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  applies   proctored
truth:  applies   sort

test:  check if we are running under the overlap .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  checks   sleep
truth:  checks   files

test:  a context manager that expects the given theme to override the supplied class if it is being run the current test .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  add   stubbed
truth:  add   headers

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   containing
truth:  fragment   ip

test:  create a list of tests to a list of all tests .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  generate   carry
truth:  generate   test

test:  does the given lists of zpool .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  get   reallocation
truth:  get   collection

test:  parses a matrix string into a list of headers .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  returns a list of unique id of the given list of groups .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  returns   learns
truth:  returns   seqs

test:  helper function to lock a file .
truth: lock file . 
test:  lock   labeled
truth:  lock   file

test:  generate a serialized hash for indexing objects .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns coverage grid for an instance of all combinations of the given wcs .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  returns   parameterize
truth:  returns   integers

test:  adds a suffix to an extension .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  receives a new home directory for the user .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   leave
truth:  setup   switch

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   markdown
truth:  lists   vlan

test:  convert a human human readable form string .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return a composite transform of a and b .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  add an element to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  vertical test for url .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  sort the given dict of keys based on its values .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  nest validation for the default widget .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  process the index line of a index .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  return   describing
truth:  return   listener

test:  compare two images .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  for an httpresponseredirect to the private key .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  direct the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   decoding
truth:  direct   lists

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  move items in statement .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  wait until a function has been reached .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  call   interprets
truth:  call   intervals

test:  unpack lines .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  unpack   optdict
truth:  unpack   lines

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an instance .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  create a validator validator that doesnt provide a validator .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  wrap   borrowed
truth:  wrap   instances

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  maps keys for attachment details view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the system socket from which it was created .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  to exit the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  take   preloading
truth:  take   host

test:  returns the length of a leading ~ .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  returns   finished
truth:  returns   fraction

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content/leaf nodes contained within a topic .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  generate a line rpm file .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  creates a a fragments .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   act
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  attempts to parse a string of a tag .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  convert an object to a native dict for use in <script> tags .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  a contextmanager which offers a gethookrecorder instance of a cookiecutter .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change tablespace and associated with a user .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  change   performs
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  change the helper for the add radio channel .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  deal   overrides
truth:  deal   channel

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get the path of the working directory .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  preload a prespecified song .
truth: get streams . 
test:  get   establishes
truth:  get   streams

test:  get elemwise units .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  convert   heres
truth:  convert   frequency

test:  require the system user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  converts shape to customizable .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  check   autoreleased
truth:  check   types

test:  check if a resources is complete .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  calculate the cumulative distribution for a given rectangle .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  function   ban
truth:  function   probability

test:  return true if the given url belongs to this language .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of n_retries functions .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  add an iam token to a dictionary .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  create an api request for the given thread and thread .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   tweak
truth:  returns   replacement

test:  helper for the carrier name .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  helper method to format user saved and subscriptions for the following user .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  format   allocate
truth:  format   user

test:  like skipfield .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  canonicalize   access
truth:  canonicalize   url

test:  private column for erfa erfa use in column .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a file is virtio .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  validate that the given key names are valid .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  validate   urlencode
truth:  validate   item

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter hfa .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  provide   forbid
truth:  provide   options

test:  given a "host:port" string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  validates   stream
truth:  validates   returns

test:  gracefully boot the specified zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  boot   start
truth:  boot   zone

test:  return a propertygroup graph with dependencies .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  load   aliased
truth:  load   json

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   bench
truth:  escapes   value

test:  get reference to the vm with the extraconfig specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   hostname
truth:  get   vm

test:  differentiate and convert a polynomial in x_j at a given in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  set the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  return single single document .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  return   gunicorn
truth:  return   frappe

test:  get a list of path names from the registry .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  returns true if the given ip address is a valid valid .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  api: accepts name .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  show the contents of a fiff file .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  determine if nova contains a special directive .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add new .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  adds   tsv
truth:  adds   components

test:  generate html path from the directory .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  map   define
truth:  map   path

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   dataframe
truth:  scan   comments

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   executed
truth:  dispatches   dictionary

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where where where where where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" directory are properly already be converted to the
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  return a point of the theano tensor with the given shape .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get a float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  install zfs on menu .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  create a new org .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  factory to convert an iblockdeviceapi record to a deconstructs .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  function   carry
truth:  function   test

test:  returns true if the message has been initialized .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  new web form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates local pattern pattern dict based on provided reference dict of pattern .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  generate correct python type for types and typeconstraints .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  default zone configuration .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  print   skips
truth:  print   connections

test:  given a sequence of alteration objects .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  converts the first element of a etree element into a dictionary of subscription objects .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  converts   uncheck
truth:  converts   element

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   mounted
truth:  read   end

test:  upload tarball .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  upload   clones
truth:  upload   server

test:  test timedelta .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  a strategy for creating an expression with a parallax .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  fetch an correct refs file .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   mounts
truth:  fetch   objects

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  checks for file existence and readability .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  check   acquires
truth:  check   pep8

test:  return the number of categories of the given rank .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  get   annoy
truth:  get   rank

test:  get a windows configs file from the data directory .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  makes a command line .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman top window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  cast an integer to an integer .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  convert   archive
truth:  convert   member

test:  constructs a variable .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  reshapes   simulating
truth:  reshapes   input

test:  converts a term into true or false .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  destroy the registered session .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  destroy   command
truth:  destroy   session

test:  gets a dictionary of all the nodes of a given graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  generate a url to the given image ref .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  returns a list of tuples from readline into a single space .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  converts an image image back into a scale image .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  mean   pulls
truth:  mean   null

test:  complete and return them of the most python interpreter of the python interpreter based on the appropriate prefix .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  completes   bartels
truth:  completes   contents

test:  makes a function to the given methods method with right methods .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an instance .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  get and display the text for a user .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  fetch   bans
truth:  fetch   resources

test:  stores the given mail with the given request .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  the cudandarray of the unitary conversion .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  test word from file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  try to split and port into a private file .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  try   multiply
truth:  try   paramiko

test:  retrieve the set of configured roles .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  retrieve   grouping
truth:  retrieve   system

test:  checks if the given timestamp is divisible by iterating .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  filter   reverts
truth:  filter   age

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  overwrite the given function .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  tries   astring
truth:  tries   route

test:  return a list of the input individuals for each element in the input .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  returns true if given stream is valid csv .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  create and create an instance .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  adds git command to a new git command .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  resolves   unparsing
truth:  resolves   git

test:  tests that we dont crash if the type passed in .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  test   writing
truth:  test   ironpython

test:  define a llvm function for atomic increment/decrement to the given module argument .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   reported
truth:  define   function

test:  create a new dict where keys are in memcache .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  the default timeout should have been initialized .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  construct a list of tag names from a list of 2-element .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   drawing
truth:  return   tags

test:  test missing required argument for missing args .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  a utility method for parsing token keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  based   base64encodes
truth:  based   djangos

test:  compute the product of a string .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  return   logarithmic
truth:  return   slug

test:  splits a random number to a queue .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  fetch the current revision repository from a remote location .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  fetch   pending
truth:  fetch   default

test:  for a message .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  log   inf
truth:  log   download

test:  main method to logout when the user is being created .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  testing   flip
truth:  testing   python

test:  returns the path to the users username .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   named
truth:  get   z

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{list} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  downgrade assets db for opentype high level columns .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  square the square image .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  reset an audio audio date .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  creates a pages page that returns the given page instance .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  create a new workflow event .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  injects   label
truth:  injects   custom

test:  make sure we can merge no bundle if there is compiled .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  missing   coupling
truth:  missing   target

test:  overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  sanity check to see if the named package is actually changed .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  config   deflate
truth:  config   config

test:  check whether the caller has a properly function .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test whether the rules has been run .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  determine if the path exists on sys .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  subroutine for double *m* .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  create   goes
truth:  create   frames

test:  given a view function that represents a class .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  retrieve quotas and create or quotas for a given image .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  sets the sess .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  set   finished
truth:  set   fraction

test:  express document .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  append   physicists
truth:  append   suffix

test:  some groups were changed .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  return the first sum of the attributes for the given iterable .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  split the given object obj into a nice host .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> order of a tree in a list .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  change a dll name to a dll or formatting .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  convert   hover
truth:  convert   bytes

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  create new textual textual string for which predicate accepts .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  create   constrained
truth:  create   functions

test:  reload the given command .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  pulls   determine
truth:  pulls   projects

test:  simple rejection/acceptance of der .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  returns the message id .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  create a continuous random variable with a weibull distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the path to the appropriate backend .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  backend   tear
truth:  backend   module

test:  takes the shards used for shards and returns a list of shards .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  determines   print
truth:  determines   approximation

test:  removes container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  return the comparison of a keys other than or .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   limiting
truth:  get   order

test:  collects a phone number from a phone number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  fetches the profile id for the specified service .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  fetch   search
truth:  fetch   d

test:  join a sequence .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  join   gauss
truth:  join   strings

test:  checks the value is an integer within range of range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   sqlmap
truth:  checks   limit

test:  return a path corresponding to the scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  convert a dict describing all provide at rtl .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  set   db
truth:  set   annotation

test:  hug version of multinomial_logpmf .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   read
truth:  run   variance

test:  looks up a package for packages which cannot be placed .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  supplied   pulls
truth:  supplied   null

test:  helper to restrict correctness to forward correctness .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  restrict   looking
truth:  restrict   operator

test:  read in the traffic server configuration file .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  create a new addon type and add it to the given name and version .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  create   whitespace
truth:  create   addon

test:  normalize an arbitrary pipeline .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  normalize   called
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  construct a discovery document from the given doc .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  retrieves   eliminating
truth:  retrieves   cache

test:  return a list of the elements of an array .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  parse   based
truth:  parse   address

test:  renders the given template and returns the context object .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  return the index for a given type type .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  create all the directory structure .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  sort mapping by size .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  checks whether a ufunc can be created for a particular dtype .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  pulls   callback
truth:  pulls   variant

test:  download and set the files from youtube queue .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test conversion of edf file .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  helper to get all module names an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  return a conn object for the specified vm .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  split and validate the dates from a given date .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  return   standardises
truth:  return   period

test:  cm service describe none .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  error   dos
truth:  error   search

test:  return the storage repository to hold vm images .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   commit
truth:  return   repository

test:  it doesnt upgrade a dependency does not already exist .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  does   list
truth:  does   dependency

test:  add the x intersections for a given direction .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  deprecated use the rest api to try to get the shutdown of a i1k .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   forgets
truth:  unmount   filesystem

test:  convert a qurl .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  takes   access
truth:  takes   url

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   lets
truth:  encoding   handler

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   knapsack
truth:  raise   request

test:  checks if the given shell is in a shell .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  updates viewpoint metadata .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  return a list of available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  add val or spans to the main .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  dispatches   reported
truth:  dispatches   function

test:  extract single argument names from the current page of l .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  return the orbits for the group of the object .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  want to lxml imports .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  print   fitnesse
truth:  print   events

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  generates a graph for a simple graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the widen file or text .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  in case of os .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  import a list of tags .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  find the cover of the cover image in the specified opf .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  print a list of notification .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   solve
truth:  print   settings

test:  a convenience function that throws a single tree for node .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  given two or more file payload .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  pass   instantiate
truth:  pass   arguments

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  returns the schema schema and all validation and appropriate schema .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  generate an authorization token .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an exception if vmadm is true .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  get media list on media library object .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  get   wheather
truth:  get   library

test:  given a list of worklist .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  given   coupling
truth:  given   target

test:  return a client object for the passed job id .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  grab   revoked
truth:  grab   details

test:  get all the loop from a loop .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   recognize
truth:  get   centers

test:  capitalize the input string and add an input to the end of the string .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  test if we have a container .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   resulting
truth:  disable   workers

test:  provide copy all available namespaces .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  provide   makes
truth:  provide   namespaces

test:  for saving the studio bulk requests .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  display   bring
truth:  display   page

test:  the linear inequality constraint ieqcons .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  get absolute path to base .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   executed
truth:  increments   dictionary

test:  returns file or fileobj from fileobj if it can be closed or raise a file .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  return   parsefile
truth:  return   descriptor

test:  show information from a dict:: file .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  update the path to the pretty directory .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  update   consisting
truth:  update   link

test:  runs a python module in the __main__ namespace note that the executed module will have full access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  display a dialog .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  display   shared
truth:  display   string

test:  verify the specified args can not installed .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return a list of (e from a given directory .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  transform the entities into a protocol buffer .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  go   review
truth:  go   keys

test:  build a testcase for tests that require the volumeservice .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  create   turn
truth:  create   case

test:  is this a empty body .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add a file handler to the page .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  resolve and return the current connection .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  instantiate   enhanced
truth:  instantiate   object

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   added
truth:  p   p

test:  compute the euclidean distances between x and y .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  make a message safe to add it to a randomly message .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  startup for the aws moment file to be removed .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  returns unstaged changes in directory .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  walk   regressiont
truth:  walk   index

test:  return the raw max statistics for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  embed an album into an album wheels .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  grab binary name .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  grab   stores
truth:  grab   name

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  complete the complete rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  complete   switch
truth:  complete   list

test:  compute adjacency matrix edges of a mesh .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  return integer in milliseconds without performing the by^2 common divisor .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  calculates a sequence .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  displaying the survey for a given series_id if the given document is also also parse the rest of a modelform modelform .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   r^2
truth:  build   form

test:  example of url-safe .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   label
truth:  convert   custom

test:  append rows to a grid .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   mutate
truth:  create   column

test:  given a rule name and targets name targets .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  add   insert
truth:  add   targets

test:  returns an absolute uri to a local url .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   trimmed
truth:  build   uri

test:  return an vnc port .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  ignore if we are supported by the current exception e .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  check   capturing
truth:  check   error

test:  initialize the history name .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  a docstring for the old socket .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  call international on a resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   recompose
truth:  get   carve

test:  helper for 404s in c{b{method}} format .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  solves   small_stmts
truth:  solves   line

test:  request for regenerate certificates in bulk returning the user as a background task .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  field_req : rule | identifier .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters year:int 年度 e .
truth: parameters year:int 年度 e . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is greater than a given version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  implement a list of subscribe to use in a context .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  modify   colorized
truth:  modify   context

test:  test a line profile using an rgb plugin .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   plan
truth:  test   profile

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   target_expressing
truth:  delete   question

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert loc vector to eeg matrix .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  validate a responder response .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  select   spawns
truth:  select   endpoint

test:  read and return encoding .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  send translations in frappe .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  append   gunicorn
truth:  append   frappe

test:  return the config directory .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  construct a dictionary of valid qos specs from the given volume group .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  given   aligns
truth:  given   volume

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  hide first occurence of the first element in iterable .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  execute   returns
truth:  execute   something

test:  return observations for tstd .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  generates   stores
truth:  generates   name

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  fixture to setup the cpu backend using cpu test .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  a 307 implementation of os .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  prevent   pulls
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  get a qurl if a user is naive .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  convert a four integer to a long integer .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  find   linkify
truth:  find   integer

test:  return the content tuple .
truth: get the round . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given a list of model objects .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   wheather
truth:  create   library

test:  find the access flags and return the list .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  transform   translates
truth:  transform   flags

test:  show the gluster xml tree .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  perform   authorizes
truth:  perform   command

test:  add a dict like { in order to the order .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  computes the "where" marketing targets between x and targets .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  check if the files does not have been files .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  send email from the initiator using the taskdef .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  send   enrolls
truth:  send   destination

test:  converts a unix timestamp to a datetime object .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  is   suppresses
truth:  is   seconds

test:  run a test suite for the geos tests .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  runs   compiles
truth:  runs   suite

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  load   imap
truth:  load   repos

test:  calculates a sample using the local variance .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  pulls   input_fft_v
truth:  pulls   normalization

test:  returns the parsed locations string .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  compute the node for nodes a node .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  test utils with and without fixed constraints .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  print a list of opportunitys .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  returns entries for entries that do the allowed .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return true if the passed in field is a list of type errors .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  sorts a dictionary by keys .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  like   crack
truth:  like   _

test:  a factory function to produce a single vertical client .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  find users public connectdef .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return the value of the elements that are in the current thread .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the proper sync date .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  applies f(clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  check to see if all the white tag is all the white .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  generate a dictionary of certificates for a student for students certificates .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  for second weekday .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a set of jid_dir that can be used as an admin argument .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   bench
truth:  generate   value

test:  checks for out of a nested reset file .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  check   initialized
truth:  check   notification

test:  temporarily disable memory deallocation .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  given an artist dictionary .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  give   switch
truth:  give   list

test:  send a about an instance using an instance of :class:elasticsearch .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  return if we are datetime arraylike / periodindex .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a sizer for a message field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  returns true iff running on win32 is running .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   flip
truth:  returns   python

test:  uses the system command to unpack a password .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  construct a clip object describe a given domain .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  a sane implementation of reasonable methods .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  is   safe_octal
truth:  is   class

test:  monitor a specific package and monitor it into the minion .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  an an an an an instance of the network .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  construct   command
truth:  construct   session

test:  writes a git file to disk .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   unparsing
truth:  write   git

test:  generate an instance of a user-agent .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  tell tell after tell .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  tell   pulls
truth:  tell   null

test:  poll until a specific predicate has been reached .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   suppresses
truth:  wait   seconds

test:  create property properties for an instance of a series of valid values .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a list of available instance sizes .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete an elasticsearch elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via macports command brew .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  return true if the node is a valid booting .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  setup the netatmo component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  returns true if the given node is a super .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  yaml: scan-build enable the build number of warnings using a build version .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  extract the versions of an cr .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  receive a simple controller from a socket .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  validate a logger uri path and get the logger name .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   define
truth:  validate   path

test:  inclusion_only_unlimited_args_from_template inclusion_only_unlimited_args_from_template .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return version from firewall-cmd cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  write a fake subject_genome & subject_genome .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce nodes in a depth-first-search pre-ordering starting from source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   increase
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  converts the given match string into a source where all matches .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  matches   pulls
truth:  matches   null

test:  returns an array of mnist images] .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  square   intialize
truth:  square   root

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name for a graph resource .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  creates a virtual machine on the virtual machine .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian angle in for a single axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  computes   file
truth:  computes   rotation

test:  stochastic relative strength index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the branch setting for the specified request .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  returns   branch

test:  consume the iterator n-steps ahead .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  consume   pulls
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a json representation of a field .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  coerce   yield
truth:  coerce   bool

test:  apply a lhs lhs to a lhs location .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  blocking isend .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  blocking   raises
truth:  blocking   send

test:  given a thing .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  pulls   mignotte
truth:  pulls   things

test:  takes text in a documents and fills it into an tidy string .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  pulls   gzip
truth:  pulls   markup

test:  circle perimeter perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   capa
truth:  generate   circle

test:  check for the process with pid .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  check   snaps
truth:  check   pid

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get a storage instance from a storage file .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  loads and commits the configuration provided .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  installs   forwards
truth:  installs   image

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  read a file into bootstrap archive .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   forgot
truth:  bootstrap   project

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  get the monogo_return options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  compute the harris corner detector response detector response for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   smash
truth:  compute   corner

test:  execute a function and translate it to booleans .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  pulls   rolls
truth:  pulls   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  download and leaves the specified file .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  given a beets query string as a list of strings .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  make a template class for attribute *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  make   safe_octal
truth:  make   class

test:  checks if the given template file was made by a template .
truth: test if . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  add an user like object to a user .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  expands the :setting:celery_routes setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  return a new instance of the given class .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  get the default yarncluster variable .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  sets modified on one object at a time .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  sets   enhanced
truth:  sets   object

test:  convert the snmp string and prints to the snmp server .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  retrieve   pending
truth:  retrieve   default

test:  creates a new plugin object for a plugin .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  associate   enhanced
truth:  associate   object

test:  make a system reports for all pep8 files in system .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  find a file using a given path .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  looks   wanted
truth:  looks   filename

test:  convert a tuple to a chronologically-sortable tuple .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  converts   gauss
truth:  converts   strings

test:  return the major and minor python implementation .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  return an out on the zoneminder .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  converts some desired chunks to width .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  divide   packed
truth:  divide   chunks

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  emit options from the dictionary .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  emit   forbid
truth:  emit   options

test:  connect to the socket object and return the certificate instance .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  connect to the database; see documentation .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  enables   roundrobin
truth:  enables   application

test:  get event list on media list the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  return the line number of the statement that has just been automatically deleted .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  delete a topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   stops
truth:  delete   topic

test:  the entry point for the credential helper .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  a decorator that adds a function to a bootstrap trace from a keystone server .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute the homogeneity score for an array at labels .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  definition : type .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  replaces all occurances of operator equal (=) with operator like tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  determine which allows you to get path angle .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  formats a time in seconds since the epoch as a number of time .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  adapted   pulls
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   resulting
truth:  get   workers

test:  returns the path for the directory where we are located .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  apply   default
truth:  apply   part

test:  map x_i**m_i to y in a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  check a precision vector is positive-definite .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   cleaning
truth:  check   matrix

test:  update the server info .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  generate   populating
truth:  generate   info

test:  coordinates for a given coordinates .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  returns a symmetric version of a symmetric matrix x .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  given   parameterize
truth:  given   integers

test:  a technical 500 handler .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  given a string .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  get the default group type by name .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  sends an email using djangos confirmation .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   enumerator_list
truth:  send   confirmation

test:  registers the default hook as deprecated .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  adds   utf-8
truth:  adds   argument

test:  returns a boolean wrapping a set of values that are mandlebrot from mandlebrot .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  makes proxy settings from environment variables .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  reads images in a given directory .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   indicating
truth:  reads   images

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  loads a file from a path .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  retrieves a model instance from a config into a different python structure .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  build   derive
truth:  build   templates

test:  loads object(s) from the given buffer .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  return true if there are any ignored targets .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  determine   fake
truth:  determine   load

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of test values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  return iterator over the response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  raises an exception if the given object exists .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  launch an opener patching file for the user .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  authenticates   allocate
truth:  authenticates   user

test:  returns a string for the given name .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  returns the environment used in the rpm/sla device .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  element-wise shape .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  gets a list of flags from a previous future flags .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  return   translates
truth:  return   flags

test:  returns true if obj is a bpf .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if course is managing and fails properly .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return a dict of group objects for group that have been added as a tuple .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  test that list dont be correctly .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  alternative the resolver to the value .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  arg   dtype
truth:  arg   arg

test:  cache the actual disk for the specified function .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  caching   maps
truth:  caching   locations

test:  list all the themes .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  returns a list of full results from a debug file .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  format an counter number of messages called after every group .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  convert   rising
truth:  convert   group

test:  decorator to run a valid credentials on a deep .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  repeat arrays along an axis .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  repeat   eliminates
truth:  repeat   elements

test:  determine if we are running in a service .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  determine   simplifies
truth:  determine   packages

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  parse the full restart status and return a 64-bit restart .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   clones
truth:  parse   server

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   pulls
truth:  notify   null

test:  append the literal text to the list of text .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  append   supports
truth:  append   text

test:  get the current version of the network device .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  get the clsid for the given clsid key .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  read messages from the header .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  formats a time formatted according to current time .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   disables
truth:  formats   datetime

test:  plist : plist | plist | plist | plist | plist .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  return list of fields given path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  return   flow
truth:  return   fields

test:  reset the set of vo warnings .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  resets   pulls
truth:  resets   null

test:  return the real host for the given scheme .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  generate a random filename for the given file name .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  install packages using easy_install .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  mark   work
truth:  mark   install

test:  gets an array from :mod:numpy or :mod:cupy .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  verifies that the given cypher matches the supplied cypher .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   shared
truth:  verifies   string

test:  decorator to checks if the current user is a super .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a a tuple that returns a tuple .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  coerce   restrict
truth:  coerce   array

test:  close a file descriptor to list to be closed in child processes .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  return a function that will be used to send commands .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  show   offset
truth:  show   parameters

test:  only apply the wrapped function to an action .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  write a tree representation of a stream .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  return boolean matches the given boolean values .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   decide
truth:  find   groups

test:  generate sjson label as satisfying matching sjson .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   lookup
truth:  generate   speed

test:  returns the markup filter name .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  gets the user settings for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  load compiler config from a zmq config file .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  load an object from the file .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the main logic for asynchronous indexing 1 .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drops   shutdown
truth:  drops   tables

test:  reads the contents of a folder .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  page rendered with a simple page .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  rendered   storing
truth:  rendered   template

test:  construct the given integer and place them into the corresponding dict of values .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extracts   bench
truth:  extracts   value

test:  test the importability of a file .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  visualize   declared
truth:  visualize   samples

test:  returns true if running in user has a particular contributor .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  return a string representation of the supplied node .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  iterates over every published object in the registry .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the actual facet .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  returns html section for the given section .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  return the current object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  decorator for benchmarks that checks the decorated function is present .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  wait for a lock to be present .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  pulls   constructs
truth:  pulls   lock

test:  generate a unittest that will be used to add/edit the given model .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  indicate that a tls device is not a valid remote host .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   shed
truth:  given   exception

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  test that hugs static files need to classmethod .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  recursively set a neighbor attribute for a neighbor .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  returns a list of null objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  convert a path to a pathlist filename .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  convert   wanted
truth:  convert   filename

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  initialize the cli example: .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  used   config_modified
truth:  used   imports

test:  removes the key .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  utility method .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  multiplies two matrices by multiplying the corresponding element to a specified period .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  make   initalize
truth:  make   k

test:  return a list of ports ids of ports ids .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  get   responds
truth:  get   database

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   forwards
truth:  set   image

test:  validate the password against the password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   been
truth:  validate   format

test:  returns a datetime object .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  run unit tests .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  on a system version .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  returns   trailing
truth:  returns   flag

test:  get an object geometry .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  generator for the client root .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  removes markdown over markdown .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  unescapes   supports
truth:  unescapes   text

test:  handles a dism node for the tree .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  enforce   test
truth:  enforce   split

test:  convert two sequences such as the display coordinates to display it are logged and the other advisories .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  compute image repeat for an image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  test uninstalling a package .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  write encoding and file in csv file parameters encoding : str encoding encoding : str encoding : gzip encoding : string|int| .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  identify   cutting
truth:  identify   writer

test:  test that existence of the recordset works for the individual choice .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure that data .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  finds an image from uniform order .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  pulls   attached
truth:  pulls   statistic

test:  adds a new unit to the mapping .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  add   shifted
truth:  add   units

test:  concatenate all valid breaks column names from an breaks .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  split   restrict
truth:  split   array

test:  decode a unicode value from a systems .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  like   reported
truth:  like   function

test:  get the list of tables from global tables this utility function allows you to be the same as the signal .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  given a memoizes processor content .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  summarize matrix as a list of given documents .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  return the markdown text that could be used as markdown .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  render   pass
truth:  render   document

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  execute the indentation in the word .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  the whole information related to the specified target .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  build the ontonotes .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  calls the rewrite underscore into the logger .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  log   request
truth:  log   control

test:  use this function to set the localized datacenter id .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  enables   emit
truth:  enables   access

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  takes   executed
truth:  takes   dictionary

test:  test plotting .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  test   decorating
truth:  test   log

test:  replaces the stride with a slice of article? .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  fix   pulls
truth:  fix   null

test:  test grouping on all group with the right page .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  output   parsed
truth:  output   widgets

test:  call the given function and return an instance of it .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   barcodes
truth:  run   http

test:  find primary keys .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  pads the data to a multiple of block_size bytes .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  apply   visit
truth:  apply   padding

test:  this function will return a list of progress string tag .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   undoes
truth:  return   routes

test:  expand an integer and a list of factors .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiates an keras tensor filled with samples drawn from a random distribution and returns it .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  returns   providing
truth:  returns   tensor

test:  an grid_id url .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  processes   access
truth:  processes   url

test:  get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  return an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   evaluate
truth:  return   clip

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  generate all example files .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  return a file path from paths and directory .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get quota usage by resource and multiple it .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  create lag port .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  open file like a binary file and return a pydoc .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   removes
truth:  open   gzip

test:  expected improvement of the standard mean over the standard deviation .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   tear
truth:  doctest   module

test:  list own own own own own own own .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  new location delete .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  removes from text .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   centers
truth:  extract   labels

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return the output of info from the configfile .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add an members from the group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  a decorator that marks the distributed server for distributed distributed servers .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return field nodes and its "multiple" element .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  add   optdict
truth:  add   lines

test:  return an object holding a istree .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  predicate   remounts
truth:  predicate   obj

test:  leaves transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  return spectrogram .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether sampling is currently configured on the positive sampling .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  input   injects
truth:  input   utility

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  load a movie from a movie matrix .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  load   assemble
truth:  load   movie

test:  return the shortcut associated with a name .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  attempt to parse a command and return a command line .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  replaces unencoded ampersands of the given html with all values removed .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  indentation manager .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indent   reported
truth:  indent   function

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  add an flavor access to the tenant access list .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  returns a list of zpool objects from opts .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  provide   undo
truth:  provide   grains

test:  raises an instance of the current thread .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  release   enhanced
truth:  release   object

test:  convenience function to add a user to the context dictionary .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the nest camera platform .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  remove an attribute from an instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  delete   bench
truth:  delete   value

test:  change source string flags .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  change   translates
truth:  change   flags

test:  return the version number of the latest stable version .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  wrap request .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  add   surrounding
truth:  add   processor

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   looping
truth:  require   node

test:  determine whether the kex looks like a kex .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  like simpledecoder but returns a fixed .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  take a single filesize file .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  check if it is an cors multiplied entries .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  image to load an image from a plugin .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  horizontal sobel on an array of all zeros .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  returns the name of the script name .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  returns the fallback value from a fallback configuration .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  generate pseudorandom token .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generates   guvectorize
truth:  generates   oauth

test:  version of thrift-546 .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  pulls   coupling
truth:  pulls   target

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 as suggested .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  escape   access
truth:  escape   url

test:  a decorator to save and save the method .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  pulls   restore
truth:  pulls   cdf

test:  returns a normalized structure of iterations along the given shape structure .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  iterate   homebrew_packages
truth:  iterate   structure

test:  get the cartesian line of a string .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  same as a[b] = a .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  puts a __slots__ entry in the given directory .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  strip the first section of a line .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns the size of a field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  extract   sparks
truth:  extract   number

test:  send information about the given request .
truth: index handler . 
test:  index   lets
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  find a 3d frequencies of a 3d series using a very series of linear wavelet .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  solve   estimates
truth:  solve   squares

test:  decorator for views that require requests to be used in the cache .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  set location as input .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  sets   transliterate
truth:  sets   variable

test:  turn a dictionary into a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   svn
truth:  merge   dicts

test:  check if user exists .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  return path to salt api using salt api .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  cast an object to json .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  list policies from the specified principal principal principal cli example: .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   isolate
truth:  list   policies

test:  returns true if update_package_db is visible .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get all keywords for the given keywords or fqdns .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  retrieve   results
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  require the covariance matrix for a given comment .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  is the c extension installed? .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  running   flip
truth:  running   python

test:  check if file contains a rar .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return the current sys .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  build a list of display instances and a file in the data .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  is   presents
truth:  is   mapping

test:  routing area reject section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  helper for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic interface for *src_unit* .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  pulls   believe
truth:  pulls   spline

test:  a decorator for generating _version .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get bracket and negative evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  a change to the externally externally command from the user fake access to the staticfiles area .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  apply   sleep
truth:  apply   files

test:  export a single document to named page .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  export   storing
truth:  export   template

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  check if the job is enabled .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  list   uploading
truth:  list   job

test:  install an nginx .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   search
truth:  install   d

test:  get information useful to a file .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  get libvirt id from vcenter or name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  slices a sequence of tuples to a single string .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  visit   looping
truth:  visit   node

test:  make a schema out of a given defined structure .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove accentuation .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  clean   comma
truth:  clean   whitespace

test:  get combined fill loops from the loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  a validator that helps to decide if the boolean value is iterable .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test whether a path is an instance of a file .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   process_memory_map
truth:  test   buffers

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  opens a db resource from the database and returns a list of strings .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  initializes   responds
truth:  initializes   database

test:  return the configured ssh gateway gateway .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  display a matplotlib figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  get   localize
truth:  get   reference

test:  returns a row instance for the redis settings .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  detects label in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  constructs a sax from a document_pb .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  analyzes the document arguments: tex_root -- the path to the tex root as a string if you use the view instead .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  combine two hemi parameters data : 1d array of matlab file .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  check for installation hyphen .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  transform an input serialized secret .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  deserialize   bench
truth:  deserialize   value

test:  create an empty media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  returns a parsed json representation of the given value .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  return a list of the modules loaded from the specified vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that the embedding_attention file gets called when the first file is first global .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive errors .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  function   unbinds
truth:  function   exceptions

test:  validate privileges to ensure privileges are valid .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validate   theorem
truth:  validate   privileges

test:  makes a task to be enabled by variables .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  outputs   generating
truth:  outputs   shell

test:  remove the browser status from the jobid .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  quit   equate
truth:  quit   browser

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  transform a dataset to the sigmoid sensor .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wait for the process .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the default list of greyscale classes .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  creates   reallocation
truth:  creates   collection

test:  parses an http date string and returns a utc date .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 1 .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   evacuate
truth:  computes   precision

test:  identify a docker tag name from a given image and a given tag .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  resolves   whitelisted
truth:  resolves   repo

test:  have complete set of traces of big .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate the formatting of the special contents .
truth: process one link . 
test:  process   consisting
truth:  process   link

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  interface to git-merge(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev revision to add to the git checkout .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  print the shell entry in the list of aliases aliases .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  prints   generating
truth:  prints   shell

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using detects satisfied .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that the delivered set correctly for the multiarg .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  utility function to generate a list/queryset type from the given header .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  detect   assume
truth:  detect   header

test:  convert the method type(s) to an integer .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  calculates histogram of an image .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  extract alignment from the alignment alignment library .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  a helper method to test an url for a given repo .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  removes all the django info from the directory .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  what a terrible failure! .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  runs a wsgi function and returns an scgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   reported
truth:  runs   function

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  test the size of a document .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns token and end of the response body .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  create a message on a topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a user structure with a users username for the user .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  format the anaconda from redis and return a dataset object .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  pulls   works
truth:  pulls   selection

test:  merge 2 dicts .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merges   leaves
truth:  merges   dictionaries

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  test download a non error message .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  kill senderkey from receiver to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   login_required
truth:  do   removal

test:  returns a client .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  update the proj for a clear .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  deal   called
truth:  deal   proj

test:  reset the cloud provider attempts to make it attempts to the given problem .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   empty
truth:  reset   attempts

test:  returns the path to the directory where one or more display will use for the display file .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  check whether a directory in subjects_dir is an mri subject directory .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get a fallback value .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  frees a list of available audio output device devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  list logical helper function .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  update import of tasks .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  a decorator that is started during a function .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  given   fixes
truth:  given   manager

test:  return indentation at entry .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  function   inform
truth:  function   entry

test:  convert a string to a signed integer .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  function   zdt3
truth:  function   converts

test:  enable/disable site against a response enabled by csp .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  start a port and return a json-serializable server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  benchmark function of the subtitle configuration .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  run   rounds
truth:  run   benchmark

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a unicode string is turned into a unicode object .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  put a list of published posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   made
truth:  put   authors

test:  check that vars vars vars are discrete .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   guess
truth:  check   vars

test:  initiate a localectl locale parameters .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  use   authorizes
truth:  use   command

test:  get a python cast option .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  determines   bootstraps
truth:  determines   callable

test:  checks that the count of the given can .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  checks   hash
truth:  checks   flow

test:  pass me a source file or a new path to a leading file .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  test io for mne io .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   emulates
truth:  test   reading

test:  decorator that causes a function to be used in a views .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  create a stream class from a collection of errors .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  get an appropriate googleanalayticsclient from a log file .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  detect   teardown
truth:  detect   type

test:  list all existing zones .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  lists   resamples
truth:  lists   zones

test:  accepts a missing object as a string or output .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return x minus the exponential at least to [0 .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  revert common factors in a field .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  checks barcodes of same length for indices in barcodes .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  generate all ruleitem in a sequence .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  yield   tz_localize
truth:  yield   seq

test:  filelink: calling filepath as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  view decorator for setting confirmation page .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  normalizes a time to a given unit .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   simulating
truth:  normalize   input

test:  set video video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   video

test:  checks that a portage version of the portage version not installed .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  config file for a single zone .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  create **kwargs .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  reads a base64 encoded text file and returns a base64 encoded string .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  visualize   batch
truth:  visualize   code

test:  does *cluster* contain any because of code .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  detects   pulls
truth:  detects   null

test:  example t .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  get syntax color name .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   spyders
truth:  get   scheme

test:  looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  looks   fires
truth:  looks   mdata

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  reverses reverses bill and upgrade a configurations .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  upgrade   pulls
truth:  upgrade   null

test:  only work on gentoo systems with gentoolkit installed .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  test that handling of flattener works with two state and train it for both mse and true .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  parse the urls that will be associated with a page .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  helper function to slaveof a master and disable it from master .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  add the utm_* tracking url to the campaign .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  parse a corner layers .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  waits for share to become remote status .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  blocks   wake
truth:  blocks   msg

test:  returns the percentage of ansi or the given style string .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  colorize   randomise
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  return dataframe code :股票代码 name :股票名称 odate:上市日期 tdate:终止上市日期 .
truth: return dataframe code :股票代码 name :股票名称 odate:上市日期 tdate:终止上市日期 . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  loads project path from specified path .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  load   raising
truth:  load   docker

test:  make matched text number .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  returns a dict of files that are files to be used to access a list of files .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  ensure that the generate generate an autoindexed see also channelwise .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  formatting   label
truth:  formatting   custom

test:  return true if the given node has a c{nodeid} sentiment .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  return   flattens
truth:  return   output

test:  call the correct dialect-specific images .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns true if date is a datetime .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  print out the given datum .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints out a signal and exits normally it .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a group type .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  list the states configuration for the vcenter server .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  return   joins
truth:  return   cluster

test:  list installed perl in use .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  given a task and a task .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   mount
truth:  wait   task

test:  convert a index .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  save the list of tuples .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   forwards
truth:  save   image

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  formats a date .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  run a shell command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  code for start and show errors .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  helper function to format and changes the pipeline to format .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  format   loads
truth:  format   changes

test:  parses a dictionary of events that represents a complete set of date/time .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  it should extract a background tag without a single line .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a oauth hmm seqs .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  checks   identify
truth:  checks   alignment

test:  generate an ascii-only slugify string for a slugify .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  retrieves the old document from the user or just the current resource if there is none .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  sgi image file .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  set proxy sequences from facts if not already present in facts dict args: facts : existing facts returns: facts dict updated with values from values are not provided .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  set   object
truth:  set   facts

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   downloading
truth:  declare   package

test:  returns true if a process with pid is running under process .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  gets a list of tuples of space-separated details from the api search .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  displaying   understemmed
truth:  displaying   results

test:  test to make sure that the html reader will not use only a multicolumn .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  check if a mysql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  redirect to vehicle/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  redirect   replace
truth:  redirect   create

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert bytes length to size in bytes .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  return path to the file .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  a decorator for asynchronous methods .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  update an existing user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  get taxa table info for an otu table .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  yield resource or a file that can be given .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  yield   labeled
truth:  yield   file

test:  returns a free server description .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  load   encapsulate
truth:  load   instance

test:  temporary code is invoked when the sys is deleted .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  convert   capturing
truth:  convert   error

test:  returns a list of the authority auth subclass .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  find   link
truth:  find   factory

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  try   unparsing
truth:  try   git

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  this function will export a private key from a private key .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return an initialized dict of the specified configuration .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  parse data with binary values and convert it to binary fractions .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a json dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   debugging
truth:  convert   dataset

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  invalidate cached unit of djangos units .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  update   translates
truth:  update   flags

test:  helper function to construct a response for an application .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the version of ses .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  update   tile
truth:  update   information

test:  declaration_specifiers : specifier_qualifier_list struct_declarator_list semi .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  get a relative url for a sls period of the underlying .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  extract a block info from mgz .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  test method dumps how to work in the correct format .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  get the list of configured instance names from the given region .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  retrieve   relabel
truth:  retrieve   availability

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  compute square-free part of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  return serialize version from yeelight .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   instantiate
truth:  return   arguments

test:  returns true iff there is an remote web .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  list   unmap
truth:  list   descriptors

test:  return the name of a process .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  method decorator to set a single context for a specific context .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  compute an initial state of the data for filename .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  filter   overriding
truth:  filter   dimension

test:  test script] .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  prints the header line of the given xxx .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  undo the correct configuration of a running instance .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  undo   loads
truth:  undo   changes

test:  function for common parse .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  helper function to execute command in a python directory .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  parse and receive the given marked-up file into a dictionary that contains exactly html .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  look   barcodes
truth:  look   http

test:  etag headers .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  wraps   shared
truth:  wraps   string

test:  computes the unnormalized inverse of the current normal probability distribution .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  format a safe for a boolean .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne task .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  run the partition line for a single application .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  runs   initialize
truth:  runs   importer

test:  returns the node name .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  get an servers to a musicbrainz group .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  returns   instanticates
truth:  returns   releases

test:  finds contiguous regions of the boolean array .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create an array containing the given bundle and add to the underlying osc .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  find and register a path .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  compute degree of f .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  return all available boot services cli example: .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  defines a 2-tuple for a 2-tuple of minions .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compares   returned
truth:  compares   numbers

test:  creates an var extrema with column-ordered to an array of observations .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  start   decide
truth:  start   groups

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  returns   suppresses
truth:  returns   seconds

test:  get a timeseries and its character from the last part of the given string .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  for a nested list of articles .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return the number of initial number for a specific locale .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  remove tags from a resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   unpause
truth:  remove   elasticache

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  compute normalized normalized phase for an image .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  given a python object uuid .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  convert   caused
truth:  convert   return

test:  read a data file object from a scaled .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: always load . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  add a unique id to msg .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  create or update flavor .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  returns a manual object based on the current rdfvalue .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  set current audio output output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  selects   tear
truth:  selects   module

test:  test installing a package with double requirements .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  converts a path to binary path .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  project version list view shows the embed for a given project and version control .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  have   applying
truth:  have   placeholder

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  returns true if data is a valid bytes .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  uninstalls an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  returns a list of absolute path of the sdk .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  returns a string containing the purchase rate limits for an purchase .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a prefixloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  reset the notifications used for the current thread .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  returns a boolean indicating that the theano of theano values of theano .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  transform   minimize
truth:  transform   theano

test:  return the unicode representation of a str object .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  calculates the standard error of the mean of the values in the input array .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  return the certificates for an trust certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  detect decorator which does the given statement for a given statement .
truth: function type . 
test:  function   teardown
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  pulls   renew
truth:  pulls   indent

test:  get all metadef namespaces in a namespace .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  create log defaults for each patch in the log .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  make   broken
truth:  make   syslog

test:  return file location for text file .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  return the build platform for the running build platform .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  sends   maintain
truth:  sends   mail

test:  unload a tensor using the attribute of a list of indices .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  turn all the running entrypoint keys into the dictionary .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  like e^{mathbf{x}_k}} .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  get major/minor connection to a db .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  show the details from aliyun concerning a named vm .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  get   stderr
truth:  get   machine

test:  returns a function to create an error type based on the clients .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  turn on the page from the main process .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return true if *uri* can be interpreted into an gcs uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   trimmed
truth:  return   uri

test:  get the parent version of liveaction .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  returns   fetches
truth:  returns   parent

test:  check if a model is an instance of a projection instance .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the checksum for a particular package installed .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  gets the image that was detected in the image .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   supports
truth:  gets   text

test:  associate the vm with the reconfigure .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  pulls   hostname
truth:  pulls   vm

test:  write html markup from fasta/fastq .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   pinned_array
truth:  output   execution

test:  checker the paths to handle disk .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  append   enhance
truth:  append   items

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next datapoint in the series is farther than three standard deviations out in cumulative terms after subtracting the moving from each
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  return hosts and associated with a given host name .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  get the inset vector3 unit from the angle .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a dictionary of pwnstallers names .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  returns   advance
truth:  returns   title

test:  reads an xml file and returns content .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  convert an object into a python object .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  remove file or file .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  view returning a sample of documents .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  extract   contructs
truth:  extract   sample

test:  retrieves the cinder backup to use and determine if the volume has supported on .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  connect to amazon cloudwatch kms .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   implementing
truth:  connect   management

test:  test mne source coordinates .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  import all submodules and make them available in the root .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   rel_path
truth:  import   submodules

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   reported
truth:  expose   function

test:  for each page in the pinned that is a standardized row .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  rows   track
truth:  rows   top

test:  read text from file .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  reads   pulls
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  convert code to html line .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  renders   digs
truth:  renders   html

test:  copy a function into a scope .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  checks   overlay
truth:  checks   func

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  read an ipv4 address from binary .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  create a png object for image .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  picks picks .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   overrides
truth:  coupling   channel

test:  check if f is a valid domain symbol .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  returns   added
truth:  returns   p

test:  unflag unflag view .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  yaml: tie this plugin introduces a build .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  open a filename and return an offset .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  reconstruct   usage_key_string
truth:  reconstruct   view

test:  set refs for the displayer .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  check that result method constructs a valid eia method .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  mutable mutable object from a list of tuples .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  remove   r^2
truth:  remove   form

test:  return boolean series indicating whether the occurrences of the series/index .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  filter an image of greyscale .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  noise   saving
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an :musicbrainz:isrc .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  set up a default stubs .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  setup   pads
truth:  setup   stubs

test:  for a cluster axis .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   pulls
truth:  draw   null

test:  test installing a package .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  expect   simplifies
truth:  expect   packages

test:  utility function to get a list of all the notes supported by the names .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  determines whether a user would authorized to authorized or a private auth .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  a simple tasks that replies to a celery service .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  view   polishing
truth:  view   celery

test:  get geometry output by interpolationoffset .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  apply template examples for specified query .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  apply   printing
truth:  apply   locale

test:  download an archive for a given extension/version .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  use samples to ei over the previous operation in the model .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  expected   rrmgr
truth:  expected   threshold

test:  write a list of (and .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  generate find_config_files of text test files .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  send   mounted
truth:  send   end

test:  test sys .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   tile
truth:  test   information

test:  extract the launchpad teams namespace uri from the given file .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   guessing
truth:  extract   namespace

test:  extract variables from relaxed in step .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  save the duplicate directory .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  respond   assure
truth:  respond   challenge

test:  list a resource .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  list   debugging
truth:  list   dataset

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  add   shared
truth:  add   string

test:  returns the progress progress for the given raw .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  get   monkeypatches
truth:  get   bar

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  to publish an mqtt topic .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  builds the object spec .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  copies the file system on the partition <from-minor> to partition <to-minor> .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  removes   sparks
truth:  removes   number

test:  adds policies to a list of users .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   isolate
truth:  return   policies

test:  only load this module if heat is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  runs the upload result .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  fakes   persist
truth:  fakes   upload

test:  calculate standard normal integer n .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  pulls   pocsuite
truth:  pulls   n

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  extended   alignment
truth:  extended   section

test:  find the optimal smallest elements in a list of 2-d rows .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  test value validation .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   plan
truth:  export   profile

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an object .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  create a directory containing all existing filesystem .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  start the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  stop   encapsulate
truth:  stop   instance

test:  parse "{name}={value}" text references into a list of query tuples .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  return union of two lists a .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  returns an instance of the authenticated user .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  get   forwards
truth:  get   image

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  creates a new feed object for the feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  creates   urlencode
truth:  creates   item

test:  returns a step values from fval processing .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  pass   obj
truth:  pass   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  walk a directory and yield all python files .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  yield   unlocking
truth:  yield   source

test:  autocovariance function with performing docstrings parameters cov : ndarray forecast : int number of observations ma : list of ipbasenum: objects returns: most enumerable and distributed : scalar matrices .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the version tuple as tuple of strings .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup the sonarr platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  pastel approximation to slack color space conversion .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  traverse a dict and return an ordered list of images .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  traverse   switch
truth:  traverse   list

test:  user edit .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   customized
truth:  create   salt

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write all registered js and coffee files .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   receiving
truth:  write   js

test:  creates an authorized googleanalayticsclient object .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  helper function to append to the configuration files .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  is   pending
truth:  is   default

test:  reload the csf csf .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  restart   embedded
truth:  restart   example

test:  updates list of email addresses .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generates the current mean for a given payload .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   declared
truth:  generate   samples

test:  docstring for a known-existing [t-d .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  pulls   dst
truth:  pulls   c

test:  extract messages from a document or stream .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  binds a random port on localhost and return it .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  get   receives
truth:  get   port

test:  send httpresponseredirect to logout_url .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  logout   lets
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read length bytes from a file .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  return a list of all pids in x .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clone a vdi and returns the reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a powerlaw distribution .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  generate an hashes .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flatten an arbitrarily nested sequence .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds an http state object .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  composes   bench
truth:  composes   value

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  take a given service and connect an attached to the given service .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  returns the list of dicts .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  is the path to the appropriate command .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   retweet
truth:  return   pass

test:  check if version is a valid version .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  filter out the common but chosen from a dictionary of requirement or an alter requirement .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  filter   optdict
truth:  filter   lines

test:  make a link to a color palette .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  n344 - dont use default .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   generate
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  manages the communication between this account and *y* the queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  dot product of code .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  render   publish
truth:  render   graph

test:  wrapper for oob use .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  takes a string and encodes it into a single space .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  remove   small_stmts
truth:  remove   line

test:  check what we have always allowed to do not appended .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  check   thinks
truth:  check   issue

test:  generate a command generator for the systemd service .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  generate   small_stmts
truth:  generate   line

test:  returns text as suggested by their respective equivalents .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function provides functionality for the cycle template tag syntax:: {% cycle permission_label .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  is   extract
truth:  is   version

test:  retrieve host groups according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   decide
truth:  retrieve   groups

test:  try to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   digs
truth:  output   html

test:  shuffle a list of nodes .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  shuffle   switch
truth:  shuffle   list

test:  get the smtp setting for the smtp virtual server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  validate an absolute path .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  catches login sender and request for it .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  take   relying
truth:  take   login

test:  custom function to print all the repr of a given tree in data .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  allows username to forgot user to forgot emails .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  look   text
truth:  look   username

test:  parse a boolean value from a tuple .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  parse   unquoting
truth:  parse   environment

test:  get a free space name of a directory .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  returns the user endpoint for the active reviewer .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   spawns
truth:  returns   endpoint

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  parse an error message and return an optional line .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  randomly choose the probvec function to generate linear unit # .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   ban
truth:  return   probability

test:  returns true if the admin group name is in gcs .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  get current modelview clock setting cli example: .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  render the list of available tags .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  returns   drawing
truth:  returns   tags

test:  return the appropriate gateway details .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  return   restart
truth:  return   account

test:  get the maximum line of the most recent 'y' .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  look   named
truth:  look   z

test:  rectified linear unit .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  compute   uncheck
truth:  compute   element

test:  get source and set a source file for the given object .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  returns   mock
truth:  returns   translation

test:  yields a dict mapping key values to be used for prior to match up a series of scaling .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  builds   skipped
truth:  builds   use

test:  returns the csl timestamp for the given date object .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  given   disables
truth:  given   datetime

test:  validates that value is non-empty and matches .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return list of all continuation in segment_info format .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  display   currents
truth:  display   state

test:  this method checks to see if the given key exists .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  returns true if the user is a email address .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  deprecated method for testing .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   induce
truth:  deprecated   testing

test:  calculate the quantize for a sequence of 7; this is a wrapper to the english tree .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  perform an minfo record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  retrieve a single command line from the registry .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  parse   retrive
truth:  parse   checks

test:  ensure that the given function is initialized by the given key .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  check that the left and right sparseseries are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the profile from the csv file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  write   smooth
truth:  write   vector

test:  test with hidden text elements .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   digs
truth:  test   html

test:  warn() should print warning plus given text .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   labeled
truth:  -   file

test:  a decorator for handling receivers to ensure a single test .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  defines   float
truth:  defines   decorator

test:  clean up the current implementation .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  strategy for launching .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  pulls   terminate
truth:  pulls   password

test:  gets query parameter from cobbler server .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  check for a given string containing a simple maximum words .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  looks for an directive directive .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  determine the emulator for an monogo_return widget .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  with_settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  builds   protects
truth:  builds   args

test:  try and instantiate an ssl instance ssl socket .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  add a mock to your system .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove invalid content references .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  executes an api method call and verifies the request object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   drops
truth:  executes   call

test:  dimension a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  fill   supports
truth:  fill   text

test:  with a ldap cloud storage .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  cache the application dependent application directory .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  print a stack trace into a stack .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  dump   applied
truth:  dump   trace

test:  returns the path to a file-like object .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  look   restoring
truth:  look   data

test:  remove the named container name the name of the container to be removed .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   satisfy
truth:  remove   container

test:  declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  when a django port is created .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  update   sparks
truth:  update   number

test:  checks that the response has a valid response and returns an exception object which has not been purchased .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  catch   allow
truth:  catch   conditions

test:  generate a random string with alpha and bad characters .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  add a user to the group .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  convert a zero indexed row and column cell reference to an excel cell reference string in a1 notation .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  read an unsigned time from the cache file and return it .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  checks if a employee is holiday for the given date .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the lowering address for a preview layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  clears the zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clear   unescaped
truth:  clear   entries

test:  return the download url to template .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  compare   talking
truth:  compare   dict

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return chunks from iterable .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns true if given password is in a given password hash .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   confine
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a new child usage for the given project and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generate a json representation of a directed graph g in jit graph .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  login handler .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  adds an acl group to a group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  decrypt encrypted_data using the specified cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  enable the gui .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  tell   chew
truth:  tell   service

test:  return a list of all tests and python modules numbers .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   prettyprint
truth:  get   examples

test:  formats an unix status in a formatted string .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  get a lexer for a filename .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  get   unlocks
truth:  get   lexer

test:  combine two images .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  blend   rescanning
truth:  blend   weights

test:  the python function for functions that return either getargspec or an argument and 3 .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  complete and returns a json file that has been complete .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  rolls back a transaction .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  verify that the python interpreter correctly handles unicode .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  signals to callables .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve credentials from the certificate .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  return the union of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  return   tokens
truth:  return   union

test:  return a datetime object for a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  set the symbol .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  looks up an id for the given :type myminion id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  setup the gpsd platform .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  buildinfo resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return true if the @p for the given maximum name the control points to be scheduled .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  return   saved
truth:  return   average

test:  this primarily exists in the group .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  set   search
truth:  set   d

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  public routine to get an facility .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the full database sql server from %s %s full processlist" .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  return   fails
truth:  return   databases

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   redraw
truth:  add   begin

test:  retrieve all user suggestions .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  stop and acquire a number out when the function fails .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save a job id to the specified jid .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  pulls   builds
truth:  pulls   minion

test:  recursively update the keys with nested values .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  get the encoded starting variant of a packet .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  convert counters from user arguments .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   flattening
truth:  parse   field

test:  add a path to the environ environment variable .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  add   consisting
truth:  add   link

test:  list tags for a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   unpause
truth:  list   elasticache

test:  mark key as deprecated .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  checks   listen
truth:  checks   key

test:  wrapper to apply to extra_specs color relative to the same maximum as derivative .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  return swap swap line numbers in a namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  returns people following user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  get the number of long strings from the set .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  count   tweak
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides vmadm only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  return the items of an iterable paired with its next item .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   pulls
truth:  s   null

test:  stores a timezone for an offset .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  returns true if the word is a short .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  pulls   carve
truth:  pulls   word

test:  test inverse of volume .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  fake version of obj .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  returns the maximum inconsistency norm of the non-singleton norm of the angle along the angle of the your mod .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  a decorator for methods that accept the method .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  destroy the key_pair or raise if it does not exist or has hosts .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  return true if path is an encrypted encrypted path .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  disable disable should have all es names .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  makes flowgrams file from end of cla file .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  build   forces
truth:  build   flowgrams

test:  get a referent object by id .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  look   partitions
truth:  look   category

test:  adds a max pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   fonts
truth:  adds   layer

test:  start the shell command and start the output .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  run   modifies
truth:  run   cmd

test:  open an image file by filename .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  this is a generator which yields all the collection of a collection in a collection of dictionaries taken from a collection .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  applies   identifies
truth:  applies   plugin

test:  removes the type://host/path link and returns a url .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   inform
truth:  accepts   entry

test:  delete a child zone entry .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  y_pred the safe serializion of a given template .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  check   reply
truth:  check   representations

test:  pack unicode to utf8 and return a dataset object .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  makes sure a method name is valid .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  fix   step
truth:  fix   names

test:  convert attached attached to human disk attached .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  given   negate
truth:  given   resource

test:  decorator for benchmarks that return an alternative function .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  unwraps   reported
truth:  unwraps   function

test:  generate a message for utf8 json string .
truth: convert response . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  select the coordinates with the given coordinates for a given set of tie established ratio .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  g g for graph g .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  create   translated
truth:  create   g

test:  a valid release has a release .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  full test of mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   starts
truth:  test   nothing

test:  check whether the device is a pci address for the pci device .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  validate most appropriate document for overlap .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  safely use host or raise if it does not exist or host .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  indicates   killed
truth:  indicates   network

test:  generative network to parameterize generative defaults .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  pulls   killed
truth:  pulls   network

test:  launches a bunch of the given model .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  provides   logged
truth:  provides   dialog

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   sparks
truth:  set   number

test:  replace event manager instance with a media player list instance .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  install a powershell powershell command .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   patch
truth:  install   requirement

test:  invoke git decorator .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  get   link
truth:  get   factory

test:  main program .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the given collection should be locked .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  checks   reallocation
truth:  checks   collection

test:  reload module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  initialize a function to be called in any of the pre-hook-method-name .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  call   satisfy
truth:  call   container

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  simple target_image to dump the given element .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  dump   configured
truth:  dump   tree

test:  create attachments for attachment note .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   blacklisted
truth:  create   attachments

test:  inclusive_or_expression and return a valid expression .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  compute   destroy
truth:  compute   dtype

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  alter the points with points that are far through the channel .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  set the configuration options .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   urlencode
truth:  set   item

test:  convert text to an ansi color .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  add   match
truth:  add   syntax

test:  runs evaluation in each auc .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  set the necesary font file .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  convert an quantize number to an quantize number .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   reloads
truth:  converts   amount

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list struct_declarator_list semi .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  return launchd information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  construct a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the given expression .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  validate and return cpu policy .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns the name of a timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   suggests
truth:  returns   timezone

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  virtual virt only .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  pulls   buckets
truth:  pulls   preference

test:  retrieve a user object representing the attributes of a username .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  copy histogram data from a file-like object .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  filtering   locate
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove all spaces and whitespaces from a string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  removes   block
truth:  removes   chars

test:  convert a 1d .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  reads the contents of the current buffer .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns true if the current process is **kwargs .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  is   looping
truth:  is   node

test:  save the current certificate to disk .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   rounding
truth:  save   master

test:  search for a given type and return it .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  identify the lowpass user derived from the request .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  deep copy the given object into a dict .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  serialize   aliased
truth:  serialize   json

test:  publish message summary and update the collection with the given update .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  alternative clipped implementation .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  deep copy the given clauseelement .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   uncheck
truth:  copy   element

test:  this utility function validates a current thread revisions to a list of documents .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  fixes   decreases
truth:  fixes   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  older versions of the given code .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  returns   push
truth:  returns   depth

test:  bounce traffic server nodes on nodes in a traffic server .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   clones
truth:  bounce   server

test:  generic getattr() for the alignment .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  computes the vector whose values v is a vertical vector .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  returns   smooth
truth:  returns   vector

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  read some packet from the remote packet .
truth: object factory . 
test:  object   link
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the targets from the ansible service .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   insert
truth:  return   targets

test:  removes a user from the rabbitmq .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  games returns a single game matching the given smoothing .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  get unique and delete the ids .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to text format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  return a list of available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  transform a string into multiple sub words .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  cycle   exposes
truth:  cycle   values

test:  return a list of users on whether the system folders cli example: .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  list   emit
truth:  list   access

test:  add faces to the parent nodes .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  converts any given object to unicode string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  dynamically import a module from a given package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  assemble   compiles
truth:  assemble   suite

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  pulls   failing
truth:  pulls   style

test:  remove the certificate from the given store name the certificate store name of the certificate to be deleted .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  create a default logger object from the given logger .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  creates   code
truth:  creates   logger

test:  returns a string that can be used to physically .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  process the data for each template files in a given template .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  computes the mahalanobis for the distance matrix .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  this function escapes the markdown markdown in the current context .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  this script prints an source code for processing .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  prints   point
truth:  prints   status

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resizes   aligns
truth:  resizes   volume

test:  returns a diagonal array of the strides .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of subject alternative names from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  wait for a status .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  tries to figure out the version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  disable markdown types .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  calculate all the pixel answers for the given image .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  mask   launch
truth:  mask   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls another step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  pulls   emits
truth:  pulls   definition

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns true if the ipv6 address are valid .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   delayed
truth:  returns   ipv6

test:  get an iterator over a new element .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  remove   doing
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  replace   eventlet
truth:  replace   warning

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  obtains the keys and values of data .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  get the bottom path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  convert a native ms ar into a hierarchy of poly this function is for generating series and sampling .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  cross platform relative path of a filename .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return a list of all models for all models in the given table .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  gets   lstrip
truth:  gets   set

test:  set up the tcp binary sensor .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  get the plugin names of the file names .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  convert a list of all articles into a single string .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  generate discovery document creation from a dag .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  write   decreases
truth:  write   documents

test:  get a reference to a given object .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  retrive   stores
truth:  retrive   name

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   squared
truth:  returns   vms

test:  retrieve a unindex and ids of a task .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  documents   decreases
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches an musicbrainz album by its id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  fetches   bytes
truth:  fetches   album

test:  check for nova client .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   dispatched
truth:  check   calls

test:  adds user attributes to a new domains .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  ask   highlights
truth:  ask   update

test:  return a list of full paths for a particular path .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  avoid saving a logging system .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an n .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  create   users

test:  create a new volume for the test .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  main function for validating demultiplexed checks input_fasta_fp: tree .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  main entry point for var and ids .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  returns a compiled template object for a template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  remove duplicate tables from block_device_mapping table .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  remove   regroup
truth:  remove   subsets

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  matrix slice .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears out the xmodule modulestore .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  fixture providing a headerchecker class .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a label label array of labels .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  somebody method used to track the method when each trace is passed .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  wrap   float
truth:  wrap   decorator

test:  check if a file exists and if the user is in .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handles the request and start the logs and return the response .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  handles   knapsack
truth:  handles   request

test:  helper function to make a cameras .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  strip list of available features .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  set the rules of the rules .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  set   skipped
truth:  set   use

test:  converts unicode to utf-8 .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the current api name for an api level .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  generate a qimage .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  make intersection of disjoint sets for disjoint sets .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   regroup
truth:  return   subsets

test:  test traceback offset in %run .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  removes existing outliers function for standardises .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  attempt   constrained
truth:  attempt   functions

test:  invert an image .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  change   limiting
truth:  change   order

test:  only work on apt-based platforms with macports installed .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  set and retrieve request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   knapsack
truth:  set   request

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  collect useful information for all modules and translations .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  given a version string and a package and a list of versions .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  delete   poll
truth:  delete   versions

test:  apply the depth login class to the same biosql .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  set   force
truth:  set   kwargs

test:  fix syntax error if an ascii error was not found .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  fix   thinks
truth:  fix   issue

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  launch the checkout branch dialogs .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   logged
truth:  launch   dialog

test:  return data to a job .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  delete new file at path .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  delete   decimals
truth:  delete   storage

test:  create an uninterpolated path relative to $state_path .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  join   ip
truth:  join   paths

test:  get a list of alarm names and their alarm .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   revoked
truth:  get   details

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  get   been
truth:  get   format

test:  checks the count of a document and matches the keyspaces .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  check   wheather
truth:  check   library

test:  sets the redis client generated by a redis redis .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  flush   compress
truth:  flush   db

test:  compute the given string .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  align   bench
truth:  align   value

test:  provides a list of lists of unshares .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  apply   works
truth:  apply   selection

test:  tests that the maximum proxy quality are valid .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  pulls   boostrapping
truth:  pulls   timeline

test:  parses a greedy definition .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   printed
truth:  parses   pattern

test:  this function prints a range of the given format .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  create the admin group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  true if the function is a bound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list policies .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  return an instance of the plugins which contains all of all successful plugins .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  retrieve   interpolated
truth:  retrieve   plugins

test:  sync a set of doctypes that have been updated on the database .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  synchronize   bounds
truth:  synchronize   table

test:  gives the number of bytes required by an resources resources .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  yaml: runscope this plugin introduces a build status plugin <sonarqube+plugin> :arg str install-name: release goals of the build .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  marks a command and return output .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test scaled row based on a particular row and thus .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  check   landing
truth:  check   sum

test:  parse the response returned by :meth:oauthremoteapp .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parses   install
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  get application name from the request .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encode class or factory function .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  context manager to return a temporary directory and all disabled commands .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  computes the difference between any median() distribution .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  extract a given optionvaluecontainer object from the given python object .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  get a complex path .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  recursively flush a key in the prefetched log .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  preprocess options for overriding .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  look   forbid
truth:  look   options

test:  helper decorator to get undo if function is not already assigned .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  forces   reported
truth:  forces   function

test:  the contribution of the output .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove multiple whitespaces and whitespaces at the beginning and end of the given string .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  strips   flashes
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  coerce a numpy array to a type and the type of values .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the list of data that are following the given type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  generator that yields all the lines we know about .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   uploading
truth:  do   job

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  display a jmx .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  return tidy tidy with given executable .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   digs
truth:  run   html

test:  invalidate the cached star for all of the given module .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  greatest common divisor of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently calculate the efficiently normals for a single surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   calculates
truth:  compute   vertex

test:  initializes the command-line arguments listed below .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initializes   utf-8
truth:  initializes   argument

test:  update every program from external changes: .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   generate
truth:  print   users

test:  compute the number of non-zero label } .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  retrieve all host groups .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   prefilled
truth:  retrieve   hosts

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  yield   restoring
truth:  yield   data

test:  read a page from an object .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  extract an inventory dictionary .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   adjust
truth:  extract   inventory

test:  move a device we only need to move shared devices .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  error   rectified
truth:  error   cuda

test:  move a batch of sampleid .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  center   negotiate
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that the base flag is listed in the expected distributions .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   deletes
truth:  test   pip

test:  applies a process in the background .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  launch   prettify
truth:  launch   process

test:  returns an instance for string .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get networks hosts by id .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  update the local ca bundle file from a url .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  check if the shared variable is less than the shared axs .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the number of cliques of the graph .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  ensure that the magic magic is valid .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns a list of server id for the given server .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  fetch   clones
truth:  fetch   server

test:  retrieve a sample file for a given filename .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  return the currently active redaction policy string .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  return   holding
truth:  return   policy

test:  convert between two statuses .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create a mocked object for the given inputs .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  replace   simulating
truth:  replace   input

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  coil   del
truth:  coil   gcode

test:  return a valid string .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  process   shared
truth:  process   string

test:  inject resources .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  checking whether a user has staff or not have access to a ecommerce service .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  create   lits
truth:  create   basket

test:  get dependencies and its raw vmware environment from the user .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  helper to force global eggs .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  force   inspect
truth:  force   eggs

test:  retrieve all members and return a list of matrices: resources .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  create a new amp that sets the amp client .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   skipped
truth:  create   use

test:  produce status .
truth: produce status . 
test:  produce   point
truth:  produce   status

test:  test subjectselector .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns an absolute uri .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  apply the endpoints t .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  changes   pivoted
truth:  changes   place

test:  helper function to encode the cell@item logs .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  logs   open
truth:  logs   sections

test:  set the version number .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  tell   optimized
truth:  tell   script

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   step
truth:  domain   names

test:  quantize from various quant .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  quantize   contributed
truth:  quantize   t

test:  formats an image .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  uses a requests request to perform any http api .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  return the servers we can teensy .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test that the shared model works with a local batchnorm .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   fonts
truth:  test   layer

test:  add polygon for polygon .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a list of all columns .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  list   subtracts
truth:  list   backups

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  function   scales
truth:  function   prints

test:  type_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list struct_declarator_list semi .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  ensure that a directory exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  try to find a tool tool .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  check   inquire
truth:  check   tool

test:  a handy helper function that recreates the full url from the request .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  prepare the module for the module .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  patch   init
truth:  patch   modules

test:  login restful crud on a web page .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  converts a datetime object d into a unix timestamp .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   childnodes
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  check version of build .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  generates a meant function which looks up a simple distribution .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  pulls   listing
truth:  pulls   inspect

test:  wait for a named container to be changed .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   satisfy
truth:  wait   container

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   drawing
truth:  strips   tags

test:  recursively generate a directory and all its events .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get the complex by list .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  a view to send a user for an existing document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  restore   pass
truth:  restore   document

test:  rotate image 90 degrees .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  serialize the given objects into a yaml string .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  dump   leaves
truth:  dump   dictionaries

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  computes a linear regression for an external line .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  fits   small_stmts
truth:  fits   line

test:  returns a list of valid thread classes .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  true if the sortable url is valid .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  returns tweet of text format for specified user .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  loads and reads an image .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decodes   restoring
truth:  decodes   data

test:  cache an object .
truth: search series . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  generate points for a given shape .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  yield   algorithm
truth:  yield   points

test:  attempt to flush the dscl cache directory .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  flush   eliminating
truth:  flush   cache

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  application section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  render a template for the given template .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a view that modifies a simple purpose .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  return   r^2
truth:  return   form

test:  a step to create a behave .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  make   unquoting
truth:  make   environment

test:  decorator for setting specific j .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate all networks .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  finds   branching
truth:  finds   progress

test:  decode a query string fields against a sequence of two-element and return a fields .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  create   sequences

test:  does the user contain the processor .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  determine   knapsack
truth:  determine   request

test:  sanitize a piece of text for use in html .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  find the highest bit set to 1 in an integer .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  count   prepopulates
truth:  count   bits

test:  restart a named delay .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   suppresses
truth:  set   seconds

test:  parses the xml file and returns a valid xml tree .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  return a cjk html page .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  generate   switch
truth:  generate   list

test:  remove folder kwarg for current dir .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  returns test data filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  generate the flavor for ninja .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  initialize   insert
truth:  initialize   targets

test:  sorts blocks of blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  merge   destroy
truth:  merge   dtype

test:  access settings and prints pyramid settings .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  returns a dataset version of an image .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  generic python identifier .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  prepare our kind for presentatable .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  generate   exposes
truth:  generate   values

test:  enable or disable site to site .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   handles
truth:  enable   site

test:  wrapper to get meter from unified .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   labeled
truth:  rename   file

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  given two consecutive lists .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  generate   splitting
truth:  generate   surface

test:  remove all the content of the directory .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  clean   installs
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  check the ironic client .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse in the mailentry from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  set up the tcp binary sensor .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  find   carry
truth:  find   test

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  pulls   shift
truth:  pulls   tasks

test:  return the current python directory trees in a path cli example: .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  grep   shared
truth:  grep   string

test:  filters a list of dicts based on a list of dicts .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  pulls   tune
truth:  pulls   internet

test:  skip test if dataset is in the registry .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  generate and parse out of contents from container .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  generate   bartels
truth:  generate   contents

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv6 address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  asynchronously allocates a given model .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   controls
truth:  allocates   ids

test:  process the unnecessary unnecessary files .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  compare   bartels
truth:  compare   contents

test:  print a string or object .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  print   transliterate
truth:  print   variable

test:  move arrays based on v1 vectors in v2 .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns all the folders under the given addon .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  convert full image to a 2d array .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   resume
truth:  convert   pil

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  get the inclination and transfer from the start to the end of a path .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  check that the current python version is run at least writing .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  check   init
truth:  check   modules

test:  log pmf of the kernel load balancer in the ndarray .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  direct_declarator : declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  check a warning description .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  warn   bisect
truth:  warn   deprecation

test:  mark a question as spam .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  mark   target_expressing
truth:  mark   question

test:  marathon pods can be deployed through pods have a docker mesos .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  marathon   carry
truth:  marathon   test

test:  object a tuple to be used to support a somefactor parameters types : object type of a pypubsub template : .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  raises resourcedenied if member is a indirect .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  given   loved
truth:  given   doc

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get front lists and add the x intersection loops .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  checks if this is a postscript of integers or more / import utility function .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  validates that local ip address for use in cassandra .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  computes the rgs rank for a given list of polynomials .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  computes   annoy
truth:  computes   rank

test:  parse the xml input and convert it into a dictionary with the required ideas ideas .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  check that the moon has at least one frames .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  tests update and targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  negotiate a response from the given response .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  extracts   format_alignment
truth:  extracts   authentication

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   switch
truth:  handle   list

test:  sort a list of versions for a zeromq zeromq .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   poll
truth:  takes   versions

test:  check if a server is resolvable .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  returns the link for a block .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  release the first vs files .
truth: release the package . 
test:  release   downloading
truth:  release   package

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  add attributes for setup in environment variables to relevant setup .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  build   adjust
truth:  build   inventory

test:  run a command and return output .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  return an rgb with the segment that asserts that the given color color .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of tuples representing the hessian point passed in a design .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  checks if the given object is an instance of a updateable .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  returns   generated
truth:  returns   youtube

test:  open a persistent file .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  returns the modified time when the given time as timezone is modified .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  get   decimals
truth:  get   storage

test:  checks if the identifier string is valid .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test whether a path is an executable .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  ensure that prefix is not a valid prefix .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  check that creating parameters .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  returns an iterator over a model class .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   encapsulate
truth:  copy   instance

test:  ensure that value is a valid connection status .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  pulls   inverts
truth:  pulls   statuses

test:  see the thinks table for a given family .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  print a single retrlines type .
truth: prints a . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  kill a process and all its descendants .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   prettify
truth:  kill   process

test:  converts an image passed as the image to a money image .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  never be joined .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   greps
truth:  parses   intersection

test:  uploads the repository for flocker to a repository .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  take a package name and return the full type .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  choose   downloading
truth:  choose   package

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  request a notebook hook which will be created .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  freeze   pulls
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the pid by trying to a process .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   reported
truth:  analyse   function

test:  cached reading of file content .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  cached   preload
truth:  cached   content

test:  skip a test unless you are created or in tool .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  load authentication parameters from user .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  load   expose
truth:  load   credentials

test:  get the journal make make sure that the journal for the given systemd context .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  send a test to the named root .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like po .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  creates temporary directory and put it into the temporary directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  implements the ids of job ids and steps .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  given   unroll
truth:  given   steps

test:  returns the xblock responsible for setting this xblocks date .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  finds   bdecodes
truth:  finds   xblock

test:  decorator that makes an interval that is a named member .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  shows the encoding name .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  returns a random ordered list of tests that start with exactly tests .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  choose   pulls
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the user secrets manager instance for the specified secrets service args: user_id: secrets object returns: bool: true if it exists .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   fixes
truth:  returns   manager

test:  simple test for classes that add a metaclass .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  checks whether a string is a lyrics .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  compare   supports
truth:  compare   text

test:  moving a bridge .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  query   looping
truth:  query   node

test:  retrieve roads data for a particular roads .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  find   explore
truth:  find   segments

test:  takes a string like abc .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   concatenate
truth:  parse   etag

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  try to copy all python packages into dest_dir .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  find   shortens
truth:  find   classes

test:  print all the results of all customizing .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  clear uuids .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clear   pass
truth:  clear   document

test:  load a sample images from the given file .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  checks whether partial date formats a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  function   mock
truth:  function   translation

test:  computes the binary crossentropy for the binary crossentropy .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  compute   uses
truth:  compute   crossentropy

test:  renders the agent configs for deprecated .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  warn   queryset
truth:  warn   configs

test:  returns the url for a static request .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  replace sum on a .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  formats a phone number of consists for a phone number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  reverted reverted characters .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  returns   mask
truth:  returns   accuracy

test:  set the movie movie .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  pause   pulls
truth:  pause   null

test:  given the part of a string .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  =   decrement
truth:  =   =

test:  returns polynomial sturm sequence of f in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  computes   reveal
truth:  computes   sequence

test:  parses the payload data into local definitions .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  add an event to the register object .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  copies a file or a remote machine to the local one .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  create a new figure canvas for the given figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  draw   parens
truth:  draw   figure

test:  return the current configuration context for a site configuration .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  set up all http headers .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  unbind a servicegroup from a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  bind   pulls
truth:  bind   null

test:  return the bull bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  temporarily inserts a context manager which will temporarily change all temporarily replaces the packaged attribute of a with a new line followed by an html line becomes a blank line
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  disable   masks
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  modify the wsgi pipeline .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  loads   colorized
truth:  loads   context

test:  get a group types from a group type .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get an instance of the trust ttl .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  build a list of model .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  shortcut   reported
truth:  shortcut   function

test:  test that creation fails .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   float
truth:  test   decorator

test:  converts an ip address or a cidr ip address to a cidr address .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  get the changed filenames of all changed filenames .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  recursively resolve json schema into the given object dict .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolve   pulls
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  returns a pep 302 matrix with weights .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  check if fsl_course backend supports *pointset* .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  override a directory and return the result of a given directory .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects metadata :return: dict :raises: httperror dict :raises: httperror :rtype: dict .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   expands
truth:  finds   draft

test:  expand all item in a sequence of dimensions .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  verifies that the control file is present and can be read .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return full edit distance path .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  extension of a pathname .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  base   define
truth:  base   path

test:  one rpcserver of the arguments .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  convert   decrease
truth:  convert   action

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test rendering mri report .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  get the bevel beveled .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   abbreviate
truth:  get   rectangle

test:  normal an expression or fermionic weight matrix with comments .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  write   sums
truth:  write   expression

test:  takes an iterator on a dict and converts it into a dictionary .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  format   unquoting
truth:  format   environment

test:  modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  decorator to wrap a method or asynchronous instance .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  helper function for 6 a twisted process .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  executes   sonar
truth:  executes   child

test:  dynamically creates a class from a string for the given class .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  convert a process or file-like object into a qpointf .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  do the meeting .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   launching
truth:  construct   pipeline

test:  dump dark text keyword arguments .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  parse the given function to a list of sources .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  spawn   plucks
truth:  spawn   window

test:  promotes a scalar operator to the given size .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  use this to override points that are referenced by the xmodule given by the xmodule package .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  pulls   asks
truth:  pulls   xmodule

test:  identify an image in a single landmark .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  uses   supplied
truth:  uses   api

test:  copy an object .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  copy   eliminating
truth:  copy   cache

test:  elementwise exponential minus one function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   receives
truth:  delete   port

test:  defines the default v3 parameters for inception .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  yields   enhances
truth:  yields   scope

test:  serve static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   negate
truth:  serve   resource

test:  setup a simple server remote server .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  setup   clones
truth:  setup   server

test:  takes a 2d list of constraints and column .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  unpacks   smooth
truth:  unpacks   vector

test:  convert a plaintext name to a value .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  returns the popularity for the given obj to use in elasticsearch .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  concatenate all values of an attribute there .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   exposes
truth:  format   values

test:  get differences between two or may not found .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  differentiate   imposes
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and having angle t1 and having and having angle t1 and having angle t1
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  launch a unix timestamp .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  checks if the name can still be parsed back to its season folders in an air-by-date format .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters all model attributes except for any of the given dictionary .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  filter   force
truth:  filter   kwargs

test:  url-encode strings that are allowed to be escaped for rows .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return module version or none if version cant be retrieved .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  set system context for a user .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  ensure that a directory exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  feature finds a feature .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  from stackoverflow on 2013-10-04: url /questions/2532053/validate-a-hostname-string#answer-2532344 .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a single hypercube .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  returns   declared
truth:  returns   samples

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   dimension
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  a convenience function that returns the full model .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   reboot
truth:  returns   singleton

test:  retrieve flavor by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   detach
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  in desktop users password .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  completely push a bokeh model under a bokeh object .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  update   clones
truth:  update   server

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  put paragraphs of converting info .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  return a function that maps matcher factories to new matcher factories .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  a helper method for the operator represented by an operator .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  a test suite to support :jenkins-wiki:findbugs cases in a single test suite .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   compiles
truth:  partitions   suite

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the default standard stdout encoding .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  get the minimum span of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  remove titles references .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a new certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   producing
truth:  create   certificate

test:  determine if we are running on an amazon instance .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  add the path index .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the row of a matrix row-wise .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  make sure that a package is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   downloading
truth:  make   package

test:  calls the specified user cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  the static file to serve .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  set request headers to html-string .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  write   stubbed
truth:  write   headers

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   optdict
truth:  convert   lines

test:  write text to filename .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  sab a single channel .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  fetches url and returns content .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  validates the given args for use as the spec for the tab .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  throws   asarray
truth:  throws   cases

test:  make some change to a deployment deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  make   logout
truth:  make   change

test:  provides the local ip addresses assigned to an interface .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  checks if the database has an initialized locale .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  check   responds
truth:  check   database

test:  simply print unformatted text .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  the cross-platform implementation of the django app .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  queue for a given user .
truth: error view . 
test:  error   usage_key_string
truth:  error   view

test:  parse a string into a list of word indices .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  determine   carve
truth:  determine   word

test:  create a new decimal instance .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   instruments
truth:  delete   keystone

test:  if archflags .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute multi-dimensional structure with gaussian filter .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  tests that the source submission and then accept sugg .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  prints a subset of pem context for the given string s .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  add an instance to the appropriate transaction transaction .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   default
truth:  start   part

test:  verifies getinfos for repository_metadata .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  extract   producing
truth:  extract   certificate

test:  check if shapes is created via a regression transform .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  saves current social-auth to disk with given file path .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   command
truth:  save   session

test:  return a review request for a registered fieldset .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return disk usage associated with a path .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  validate the user -- view for parsed via a post .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create a sharedobject object from the given stream .
truth: print with color . 
test:  print   detects
truth:  print   color

test:  simple html greeting .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  responds   widen
truth:  responds   frontend

test:  checks for cache if we can mock to mock .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  extract elements for an element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  removes   tile
truth:  removes   information

test:  test integration integration using an integration graph .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  tests that we find numbers with exponents and negative signs .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  load an html file from the authority loads .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  prepare   setuptools
truth:  prepare   notebook

test:  set labels on the local node .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  replace   centers
truth:  replace   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  take a desired transform dictionary and build ifupdown2 state .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  return the moving loss for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   dispatches
truth:  updates   learning

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   autogenerated
truth:  run   benchmarks

test:  return a synchronization wrapper for a rawarray .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   register
truth:  return   wrapper

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  process the xml element by target .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  escape a dictionary giving the corresponding unicode characters .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  make sure commands is marked as specified .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  link   reserializes
truth:  link   widget

test:  find the horizontal edges of an image using the sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  this method is used to apply a template method to a template tag and a template .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  return the list of available nest nest .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  return the given httpresponse .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  wrapper around "package" .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  runs   paging
truth:  runs   interface

test:  match a running system .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  terminate   explode
truth:  terminate   processes

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  a: a matrix b: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  calculate the radial simultaneous error for the l**p simultaneous log-likelihood .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   interprets
truth:  compute   intervals

test:  get the nthhost value for given nthhost .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   preloading
truth:  get   host

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  on delete of the file object in the c{version()} .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  helper method to generate urls .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  test that the custom inverse has been initialized .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   forget
truth:  test   inverse

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  construct a machine from the database .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  result   pulls
truth:  result   null

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  if data has any of the data .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  constructs   divides
truth:  constructs   matrices

test:  compute nocopy for nocopy over a add dtype .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return a partial tool shed url from the tool shed .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  convenience function for getting the installer .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  returns   astring
truth:  returns   route

test:  try to extract the versions from the binary file .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extracts   exposes
truth:  extracts   values

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   pings
truth:  force   behavior

test:  returns a checkpoint label string for the given experiment directory checkpointdir: checkpointdir: relative or absolute path .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  creates   reshapes
truth:  creates   serialization

test:  decorator for views which is an api decorator to take this action .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  given a sequence .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  fix a fits file if it doesnt exist .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  get   assume
truth:  get   header

test:  flatten a sequence of scope .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flattens   simulating
truth:  flattens   input

test:  send a message to a channel or nick .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   modbus
truth:  set   cookie

test:  regression test for url .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  parse command line and return parsed values .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   allocate
truth:  validate   user

test:  this function creates an s3 key that is suitable for storing it to store the uri .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  computes the crc64 sum of a list of numbers .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  adds an xml tree to a valid regexp .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  for gw compatibility between year .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  produces   disables
truth:  produces   datetime

test:  construct a declarative base class from the artifact .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  get a list of all single milestones .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  estimate   annoy
truth:  estimate   rank

test:  decorator to convert text to int .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  parse a date/time string according to the given format .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   focused
truth:  parse   dates

test:  example of :func:textwrap .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  indent   flip
truth:  indent   python

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  tries to install a list of distributions .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   int
truth:  finds   match

test:  display a list of available updates of memcache entries .
truth: home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  user can login .
truth: user can login . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make a single document .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  make   lowercases
truth:  make   verbose

test:  get current video scale .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   repeat
truth:  get   scaling

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to mime type .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   wants
truth:  convert   parts

test:  get the current user uid id from a group .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  sets the vlanid state to network .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  raises an instance .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  shutdown   encapsulate
truth:  shutdown   instance

test:  check if doc is set correctly .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  patch   localize
truth:  patch   reference

test:  return a function that maps any arguments to cache types .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  cache   bench
truth:  cache   value

test:  generate a java-style secondary table for a given global secondary table .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  setup the wink sensor .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  calculates length of a decimal checksum for an ascii offset .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  pulls   brings
truth:  pulls   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  test that an error is raised if the nonexistent directory .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  instantiate a der object class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  extract an xml tree .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  pulls   throttle
truth:  pulls   unit

test:  get the default file encoding .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  remove a user from a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   rising
truth:  remove   group

test:  enable the enhanced stream with retries .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  report   activate
truth:  report   delete

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates the specified security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   reduced
truth:  updates   cli

test:  plot the open summary of the given summary .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  represent   support
truth:  represent   time

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return certain fields in a dict of all duplicates .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the path to the user configuration directory .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  creates a list of bits given an iterable of possible frag_index .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  get   stacks
truth:  get   states

test:  set the given properties on a quota and update it .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  test that an exception is raised when the expected exception is raised .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a new path of all modules .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  unload   tear
truth:  unload   module

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   prefilled
truth:  release   hosts

test:  remove generated environment definitions from the directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  update a notification about an host on the host or list .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   preloading
truth:  send   host

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   hanging
truth:  clear   variables

test:  setup a global .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  set   shortens
truth:  set   classes

test:  compile a sequence of strings .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compiles   enhanced
truth:  compiles   object

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  try to apply the pattern against all of the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  retrieve a specific tag for a user .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  run one or more nagios command from pillar data and get the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  run   copy
truth:  run   nagios

test:  converts a sns string to a datetime object .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  returns   disables
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  construct a buffer from a binary message .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  stop and version normally .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stops   borrowed
truth:  stops   instances

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  signal receiver for the user logging .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  handle different types of the topomap topomap .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  color   works
truth:  color   selection

test:  import and return the first designated module .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  determine if a datastore is in the datastore .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if router is router .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  based   defines
truth:  based   attributes

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   blocks
truth:  collate   representation

test:  extract the tokens names of a key .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  this method creates a set of emails emails that contain segments for that mailchimp by the given count function .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  retrieves the notification notification listener .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  return   initialized
truth:  return   notification

test:  remove a list of file .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns a generator used for rendering the entire entire renderer .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  get a value of a interface_details password .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check that firstset for firstset bounds .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  chop a sequence of pairs .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chops   sparks
truth:  chops   number

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  delete   teardown
truth:  delete   type

test:  test integers/bools with --compile for "0500000a:0016" .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send update table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  gets a function and returns the appropriate function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  munging to turn a method name into a post-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  munging   located
truth:  munging   method

test:  return a string with unicode characters .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  return the iterable for the sequences .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  makes   authenticated
truth:  makes   everything

test:  simple wrapper around scaling .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  retrieve all the edit event for a fallback string .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  determine arguments for adding or a11y .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  create   utf-8
truth:  create   argument

test:  test a new figure to a file .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   restrict
truth:  save   array

test:  helper that returns a dictionary of indexed data from the autoconfig autoconfig .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  collects and returns the path to a single static file at the end of the file .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  copies   logging
truth:  copies   flask

test:  returns the type name for a type .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  remove network from network .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  remove   requesting
truth:  remove   i

test:  generate a fully-qualified html with the given word .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  return path to the users .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the type of a type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  concatenates app keys from an app_label app .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  convert   review
truth:  convert   keys

test:  test that the remains of adagard scaling can be trained .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  tests   utf-8
truth:  tests   argument

test:  returns the number of inter-community edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  gets all virtual interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  return crontab information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  verify that an object and explicitly shouldnt be include by calling and dont also nested watch .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  following   pulls
truth:  following   null

test:  merges a sequence of translations into one big existing sequence .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  helper method to add the reserved collection .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  attempt to discover the current active mon for a certain application .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  check if the user wants to log and raises a warning .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  raise   allocate
truth:  raise   user

test:  estimate the intermediate number of dimensions .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  reset a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reset   hostname
truth:  reset   vm

test:  it should support download from pypi from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  pulls   inf
truth:  pulls   download

test:  parse a file without <ctrl-x> the last modified loop .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  escape a dn as an dn .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return a list of grains .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  adds prefixes to the prefix for the given key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  returns the due date in the total number of seconds since the epoch .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  get   speed
truth:  get   minutes

test:  generate batches of batches of a imagenet images .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  measures corpus from the given list of corpus .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a package .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   debugging
truth:  delete   dataset

test:  change the name of the qapplication instance .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   stores
truth:  change   name

test:  return a bash shell command .
truth: run a bash shell command 执行bash命令 . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return numeric numeric numeric assortativity for given edge .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  compute   looping
truth:  compute   node

test:  return the certificate info about a certificate file .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  stops the rabbitmq application cli example: .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  check whether the files are equal to within expected and that a prefix matches a list of the possible .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  compare   s
truth:  compare   sets

test:  find a cloud image by name and exit id .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  removes a given single role for a user from a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  decorate methods to interact in a single handler .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  remove a tag from question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   target_expressing
truth:  remove   question

test:  ensure that the keystone keystone is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  generate a matplotlib figure with a given plot .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the target name for a fact object .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   binding
truth:  return   fact

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  function for inclusion in a string .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  wrap   gauss
truth:  wrap   strings

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  return a list of the named directories on the master .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  set weekly and weekly counts for aggregatestatresult .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  update   pend
truth:  update   day

test:  takes a single structuring element and returns the differential equation: .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  make msg not cause new line when output .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  make   small_stmts
truth:  make   line

test:  recursively add a path .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  adds   inform
truth:  adds   entry

test:  host:port the content from the given url or found there:: url .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  create a pdf page from a filename of directives .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  given   disabling
truth:  given   filenames

test:  check if we are invalid .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  reject   scop
truth:  reject   token

test:  try to get a version of the version file .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  loads a ctypes library and returns a ctypes .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  tests that the suggestion feature with the suggestion users and the unit .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  tests   mock
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  save the given model .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  gets information about the hosts sld returns a dictionary of hosts sld string dns name of the requested dns xml about cli example: .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  create a continuous random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get information directly over http request .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  check that the current version is a valid version .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  check   loading
truth:  check   bower

test:  new web form .
truth: new document form . 
test:  document   r^2
truth:  document   form

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   offset
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return a list of signatures .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  remove   scaled
truth:  remove   queue

test:  compute the product of a block of matrices .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  test reading raw spm files .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  run the testsuite sdk .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   timing
truth:  mix   spaces

test:  get the evaluated x64 from the xmltext .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  looks to see if dladm is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  print the summary and confusion .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  construct an array of matrix return a sparse matrix containing the result of a and b .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get all submodules of a given module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   rel_path
truth:  get   submodules

test:  add a list of hosts to a zone .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  builds   switch
truth:  builds   list

test:  returns true if the given file or function f is closed .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  retrieve facts information from facts file .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  calculates a number of bits required to encode a single vat on the stdout .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  download a gaussian iterator and reports it .
truth: download a file . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  take a snapshot in snapshot and take a snapshot of verbosity verbosity .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  take   indexes
truth:  take   snapshot

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  create dask array for a single test .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  test cross product with lots of elements .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  test   registers
truth:  test   product

test:  convert int or long int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  disconnection for efficiently .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  add   divides
truth:  add   matrices

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   slice
truth:  encode   pickle

test:  test intersect which convert 2 pools into python chunks .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  convert   packed
truth:  convert   chunks

test:  formats an image field to be more tensor or shifted as a integrated string representation .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  squeezing   colored
truth:  squeezing   operation

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  test that the inverse of an inverse supporting the "gold mapping .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  returns the edges of a minimum spanning forest of an undirected graph .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   echo
truth:  generate   minimum

test:  a decorator that ignores exception_class warnings and prevent prevent warnings .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd of f and g in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  add stl given stl text .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   swaps
truth:  add   faces

test:  fill tile .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  creates   providing
truth:  creates   tensor

test:  prints out the given unix name and returns a dict of all the returned for a given class .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   stopped
truth:  output   statistics

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  return the image in the moved image .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  produces   restrict
truth:  produces   array

test:  find all entities in a person entity entity .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function for converting mappings to a dictionary of mappings representing the result of a device mappings for devices .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  compare width of text files .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  parse asdl from the json file and return a json object .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  get a list of backing file names contained in a particular device file .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  generates a complete group of order groups as a permutation group .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  function to format a warning the standard way .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  index page for index .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  show   bring
truth:  show   page

test:  kill listen on a namespace and all of its pids .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  import an app in a local file .
truth: in apps . 
test:  pulls   plot
truth:  pulls   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  restores a run when the command line has been run .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   forbid
truth:  restore   options

test:  create a new .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  yield successive chunks from list .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  a synonym for :func:joinedload() .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  lay   tsv
truth:  lay   components

test:  returns new expression in terms for the product of a free product .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  function   registers
truth:  function   product

test:  return unicode name of 8bit ascii string .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  return   intermediates
truth:  return   8bit

test:  sets up and mozilla generators .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  return   algorithm
truth:  return   points

test:  return url .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  converts s to utf-8 .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  encode   flip
truth:  encode   python

test:  return the path to a temporary file for the given language .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  changes the windows feature to the environment variables .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  initialize   adjust
truth:  initialize   inventory

test:  convert a space separated string to a scope value .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  returns a function that operates as a list of fields .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  helper for quote_slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a publish .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  supported   stacks
truth:  supported   states

test:  helper function to normalize and potentially dictionary .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  make   defines
truth:  make   attributes

test:  reshape iterator to nested deepfirst .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  filter and convert value to array return a boolean value .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  a decorator for setting up of subclass objects in a class .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  a sample function that count from templates .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  given   currents
truth:  given   state

test:  return the name of the primary group that owns a given file this function will return the rarely used primary group of a file .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  setup setup .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  check   stays
truth:  check   sphinx

test:  helper for the receipt .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  reissues   operands
truth:  reissues   receipt

test:  raises an exception if the supplied property is not a valid integer .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  find a hash using the given hash and return the hash file .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  looks   labeled
truth:  looks   file

test:  write samples from file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  decorator to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  restful crud controller - not allow base controller .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns an interpreted representation of the given field .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  retrieve information from a particular linux minion .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return true if the media type is the media range .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  returns   slave_open
truth:  returns   media

test:  write wcsconfig writes to text files .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  return the vhosts table cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  show   solve
truth:  show   settings

test:  print a message about an error .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  print   order
truth:  print   traceback

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  try to get a session from the tool shed .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  read registry bytes from file .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  adds a previously ecommerce api client to respective .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   express
truth:  returns   -

test:  write a trees in a given file .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get complete members from the group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate json file from a json directory .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  converts the string representation of a file to a python string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   capturing
truth:  converts   error

test:  download the reparse file to this is only supported by the windows file .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  retrieves   restoring
truth:  retrieves   data

test:  decorator to make a function memoizing single single argument .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  prevents   reported
truth:  prevents   function

test:  returns utf-8 unicode string that represents a utf8 or unicode string or unicode strings .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  renders a template for the current thread .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  pulls   building
truth:  pulls   tag

test:  connect to a zmq url 4d3185662ca61bc9fa1bdf1ec0166f6e5ecf86c6/bigtable-client-core/src/ supported by netbsd .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  consume   prioritized
truth:  consume   messages

test:  get the instructions name .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  drop   eliminating
truth:  drop   cache

test:  create a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if filename may be a file .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  renderscene helper function to draw colorless .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  draw   collate
truth:  draw   box

test:  decorator to enforce read-only response and verifies that the response is a response and applies that a response will not be converted to a response .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  decorated   constrained
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  returns sql statement for both dbs .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  checks that a version number is not installed with .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  given   extract
truth:  given   version

test:  helper method to grab sessionmaker at a time .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   address
truth:  return   sqlalchemy

test:  restore an environment variable that was loaded by the functional .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  sets   unquoting
truth:  sets   environment

test:  for the given function that returns a pointer .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute a dictionary product of a file .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  construct   continues
truth:  construct   svg

test:  checks if inputs arent either of two inputs or :py:func:load_opts_from_mrjob_conf .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  tries to convert obj to float .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  strip all ansi characters from source .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  remove   polynomials
truth:  remove   codes

test:  returns true if g is a list of nodes .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  find a file in a given path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  iterates over a requirements file .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  yield   mounts
truth:  yield   objects

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  appends   emitting
truth:  appends   character

test:  list all comments and need to be sent .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  prints   dataframe
truth:  prints   comments

test:  given an application name and a module name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns true if any of the passed type fit into a .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a single objects of the given objects .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generate   regressiont
truth:  generate   index

test:  returns true if the cluster matches the given cluster .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  include   located
truth:  include   method

test:  return the list of all error codes for the given *errnames .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  return   capturing
truth:  return   error

test:  extract a collection of the choices that matches choices .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  select   int
truth:  select   match

test:  make sure a string is of type or unicode value .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  this is the main entry point for footer .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieves   generate
truth:  retrieves   users

test:  converts the pci requests based on its pci requests .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  get   knapsack
truth:  get   request

test:  constructs a command line .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  starts   decorates
truth:  starts   web

test:  copies a query object to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   flow
truth:  copies   fields

test:  this function applies a list of kwargs to a dictionary of defaults .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  set   resolving
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  disable distutils .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  is the sequence of cv to a sequence of sequence .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  true if the processor is running on this minion .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  basic markup -> str arguments: port -- the file handle to ldap eigenvalues .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  stripping   enqueued
truth:  stripping   po

test:  adapt the sqlite blob so that it is gce multiple arguments .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  objects   mounts
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create a contract exceptions that delimits the contract creation of the contract creation of the contract operator .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  helper function to get the url from the response .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  extract   access
truth:  extract   url

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  set values of comparing .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  a simple view that is remote user .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  fetch local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  return x .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  returns a tuple of the datasets .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  runs   exhaust
truth:  runs   conversion

test:  check that we can add threading threads in the folder .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  import a dotted module path and return the attribute/class designated by the last name in the path .
truth: source: django . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  default function to generate setup a single setup .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of unique elements of a dataframe .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  format   enhance
truth:  format   items

test:  iterator iterator for the o_vals matrix f .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the specificity system is different .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns true if the filepath is a fits origin .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  determine   evaluated
truth:  determine   origin

test:  reconstruct polynomial in the remainder over the remainder in mathbb z_p[z] .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator for views that require moderator of user .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  removes the edges between node1 and node2 .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  pulls   descend
truth:  pulls   edges

test:  generates a suitable degree sequence of degree .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  like the given bytes .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  takes   talking
truth:  takes   dict

test:  search for an wrt search .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  use   fold
truth:  use   backend

test:  reset the index specified in data .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and set it as dictionaries with labels .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  returns the running instances of django 1 .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  collect   specifies
truth:  collect   methods

test:  this method provides a dummy request for the ccx .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  write data to a file on the master .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  creata and email for user .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  remove any existing files .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  cleanup   flattens
truth:  cleanup   output

test:  returns true if the given list is a boolean .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  serialize the provided xml element into a packed .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  serialize   uncheck
truth:  serialize   element

test:  create a mock egg for a given wsgi resource .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  computes the true or fully matrix to the given penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  create a get_current_user() variable initialized with shape .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the last time window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  setup the mficlient binary sensor .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  parse an http authentication header into a tuple and the corresponding pair .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fetch an archive file from a google .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  determine if saferepr is a protocol or not .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  build gitlab from gitlab .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  pulls   forgot
truth:  pulls   project

test:  this is a hybrid hybrid file that uses the principal framework to read from the principal .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test sentiment with xrange .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   span

test:  retrieves the job with the given version and the job .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  fetches items from the given uuid and stores them in a list .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  this maps a term dictionary into a dict of key .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  split   raise
truth:  split   term

test:  a decorator which very preprocessing functions in the expression tree .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  apply   accepting
truth:  apply   e

test:  read a page .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  detects   ip
truth:  detects   paths

test:  computes the transfer model for a numpy layer .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   currents
truth:  writes   state

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   spawn
truth:  initalize   devices

test:  read new variables used for testing .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  binned histogram of the binary data .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  pulls   unshelve
truth:  pulls   interval

test:  ensure an apache module is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  fit the helper to signal .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  returns true if metadata is a reserved with a given name .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the current literal version as a string .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  generate   validates
truth:  generate   addition

test:  logistic a symmetric matrix to the power of the l**p guide .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  note   pulls
truth:  note   null

test:  converts camel-case style names to camel-case .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  make sure we can install the hashed requirements .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  test   do
truth:  test   hashes

test:  calls serially .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  unpack a unicode string .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert the libcloud weather object to an interface .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  gets   paging
truth:  gets   interface

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  compute the qnwunif it? for an array of samples parameters n : int the upper triangular of nodes a : bool if nodes are not pickleable : float .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  element-wise sigmoid .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  saves the given file to disk .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   labeled
truth:  update   file

test:  copy data from a buffer or as a tidy buffer .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  this is a helper function that converts any changelog pointer to the ith .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  stretch a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  cancel all tracks in the path .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add a profile menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  disable initial enhanced stream with retries .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  fast fastq to generic conversion .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set the old mathematical attribute of a terminal .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  sets   constrain
truth:  sets   attribute

test:  like os .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  generate indices to apply to current shape .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  create a fake node from a node of text .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  create   implemented
truth:  create   x11

test:  return an instance of the named event bus .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets a new recurrence zone .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  get a storage instance from a configuration file using using a regular trial .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  function   define
truth:  function   path

test:  uploads a package name .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  uploads   downloading
truth:  uploads   package

test:  fetches the next exploration ids and active ids for the given user .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   coordinates
truth:  returns   exploration

test:  set document to debconf questions .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   predicate
truth:  format   sql

test:  write file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  search for releases by name or id .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   instanticates
truth:  get   releases

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  generic function to detach an existing lb .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  remove   looping
truth:  remove   node

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  just gives the current contents of the resetwarnings .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  clear   eventlet
truth:  clear   warning

test:  generator for creating setup .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  yield   leaving
truth:  yield   cython

test:  process the default list of files to a file .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  process   format
truth:  process   parameter

test:  return a single link for the given resource .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   defines
truth:  fix   attributes

test:  inject returns true if the given context has been rendered by the given view .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  reset a unit for a given technique .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  resets   xlsx
truth:  resets   query

test:  return the path to an interface cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  evaluates a string for a java type .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  prepares logging for the internal logger .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  configure   hacked
truth:  configure   buffer

test:  matrix of the matrix exponential .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  construct   r^2
truth:  construct   form

test:  convert an opcode to the name .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  generate git hash .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  output the kwargs for a condition and return data structure cli example: .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  convert a dictionary of model right querystring into an array of features .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a signed message method .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  returns   sign
truth:  returns   pair

test:  enables randomization of various pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  expand the absolute url of a file in the entire point types .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  given a container description .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  tries to figure out the version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  checks if a file contains a bad name .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  identify   config
truth:  identify   patterns

test:  associate dhcp option equal dhcp options id and enforces exp_id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  test   forbid
truth:  test   options

test:  create the verifier method .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  create a test for running tests .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  default   unpin
truth:  default   routine

test:  table a datasets metadata .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  renders a template and renders it with the given template .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  subtract a dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   carry
truth:  fixture   test

test:  return the status for a service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  memo decorator for sequences .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  pulls   convert
truth:  pulls   sequences

test:  return a list of all active mounts .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  list   logfilesize
truth:  list   linux

test:  get the mysensors service .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  scale a new page from the using the checkbox .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  add   dos
truth:  add   search

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  generate an identity key for a given arguments .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  creates a request to be used in the behave .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   fixed
truth:  creates   scenario

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc return a sequence .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  computes the gcd of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pretty-print a python object to make it format .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  generates exists notification via async .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  generates   initialized
truth:  generates   notification

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  context manager that silences stderr .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   feeds
truth:  context   stderr

test:  test no data for a interpolation .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  clear the template info cache .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   eliminating
truth:  reset   cache

test:  handle uncaught file .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  listen to notification with the event box .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  process   fitnesse
truth:  process   events

test:  get the cached cibpath .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  helper method to create a cache key suitable for sending items .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  used   eliminating
truth:  used   cache

test:  returns the metric for a given changeset .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  return   sift
truth:  return   metric

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  attempts to parse a valid message from the sql style message .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  return   shortens
truth:  return   classes

test:  creates an ebsblockdeviceapi instance for a valid credentials .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  this function checks whether a file has a file .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  locate   labeled
truth:  locate   file

test:  returns mobius or odd parit for syndrome .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  create the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  return   joined
truth:  return   decryption

test:  create an elb resource ids .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  access a message object with a user .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  wrapper for third_party_auth .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  create   inputs
truth:  create   monitor

test:  return a default state object with a given content .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  set   preload
truth:  set   content

test:  documents the action method for a resource .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  add sparse x intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  saves an image file .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  creates   grabs
truth:  creates   png

test:  wrap an rrset with a valid topicsread for a given user and last read and last read .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given source .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  wait for a proxy server and add it to the port .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  starts   distribute
truth:  starts   proxy

test:  return an exception on the locale message .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  translates   eliminates
truth:  translates   elements

test:  get pci device by node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  helper to read and scales source files .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  execute   optimized
truth:  execute   script

test:  sets the level of the request .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  given a dotted-path module name .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  a helper for transplant .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  transfer   rescanning
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require english tutorial .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   carry
truth:  require   test

test:  get either the attempted action or a higher set of data .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  get the windows api window handle previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   lets
truth:  get   handler

test:  step 1b .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   answers
truth:  step   handles

test:  sends a message to a topic and returns the messages .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  read   simulating
truth:  read   input

test:  returns the inverse of the splitpasswd or the specified user .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns a list of 2 design matrix for use as the linear regression .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  generate an md5 hash hex digest of a string .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  converts an object into a template .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   reduce
truth:  convert   shorthand

test:  converts decimal units with projectors ones to a buffer .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  takes   query
truth:  takes   position

test:  wrapper for unsetting .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  extract   define
truth:  extract   path

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as an argument .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  assert that the expected response is sane by http .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  assert   barcodes
truth:  assert   http

test:  hexdump -> l-p n .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  process the expired status .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  aborts   deregister
truth:  aborts   jobs

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ unattached .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  pulls   apps_count_installed
truth:  pulls   gateway

test:  compiles the given sequence of positional parameters source : python data file and returns a dictionary of the form definition .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   monitor
truth:  compile   compile

test:  import an object .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  return a list of bridge .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the ordered ordering of the appropriate redirects .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  find   regressiont
truth:  find   index

test:  adds a intercept panel to the configuration .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   mutate
truth:  add   column

test:  converts an unicode string to a valid lowercase .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  prepend   listen
truth:  prepend   key

test:  convert a twitter namespace to timeval .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  recursively find all files in directory and subdirectories matching a given directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  test reconstruction where the image and less are less than 2 .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  return the cluster text file path .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   shared
truth:  escapes   string

test:  fetch the name of a node .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  detect   looping
truth:  detect   node

test:  returns the duty agreement of the square .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  computes the russellrao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  pulls   printed
truth:  pulls   pattern

test:  a decorator that validates whether a function is a callable and applies it to a callable .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  create a task job of the archive info and collect target .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  starts   polishing
truth:  starts   celery

test:  displays daily table for daily en/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  display   bounds
truth:  display   table

test:  initiate the minion with data from the minion .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  signal   builds
truth:  signal   minion

test:  returns the path to the program provided it exists and is on the systems path retrieved from code snippet by jay: url test-if-executable-exists-in-python .
truth: source: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  convert a sequence of dictionaries to a python sequence .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  translate   shared
truth:  translate   string

test:  decode a jpeg data structure .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  returns the value corresponding to a contrast change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  aaq all the available languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  adds   switch
truth:  adds   list

test:  does the given url have up successfully .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  convert the value into an integer or 1 .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  wait for expression to become accessible up till it has been reached .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  helper function to replace removed for pixels values from templates .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  imports and returns the json tree of a json file .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  validates that value is a valid instance of label .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   piercing
truth:  returns   article

test:  decorator that releases assertion timeouts to retry callable .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  creates   float
truth:  creates   decorator

test:  stop eventlet .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   pyopenssls
truth:  stop   greenlet

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  take the cli args and exit query for asking .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return text in triple-double-quoted python object .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  noop   reported
truth:  noop   function

test:  return the name of the group .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  return a list of services that are enabled .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  unpack a files or matching a template .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  uses   logfilesize
truth:  uses   linux

test:  ensure text is an entry .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  check   unescaped
truth:  check   entries

test:  merge list of two-element result .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  takes   decoding
truth:  takes   lists

test:  loads the given theme from the given file .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   alignment
truth:  load   section

test:  returns l1 norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  generate the virtual code at the given requirements .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   capitalizes
truth:  make   revision

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return the creation time of the server .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  checks if a country code is an leading zero zero code .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  checks   rq
truth:  checks   country

test:  computes the offset mean of an array .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  offset   pulls
truth:  offset   null

test:  returns url of github release .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  given a list of pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  determine the number of 10 in a loop .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   converse
truth:  get   ratio

test:  delete raw filters .
truth: close indices . 
test:  close   sparsedataset
truth:  close   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  calculates the standard error of the mean of the values in the input array .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  creates the email with the users xmpp user for the specified username .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   restart
truth:  creates   account

test:  test chart rendering with various data .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  check   replay
truth:  check   chart

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  given a dict of all available matches classes .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  pulls   disabling
truth:  pulls   filenames

test:  create an event manager .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  get the temperature in degrees celsius from the temperature sensor .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  gets   multistringformfields
truth:  gets   temperature

test:  reboot a running domain cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  decorator to mark a function to be run .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  test remove_from_figure with an sensor creation .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   parens
truth:  test   figure

test:  if we have a legends .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  force   trivial
truth:  force   connection

test:  get the value with the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  check if greatest value is poles .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  verify that the value is a valid message for a message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  start the tomcat service .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  upload a remote refs file to a remote url .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  remote   yields
truth:  remote   push

test:  test that the debug file has any debug logs a relative log file .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   attriute
truth:  test   stdout

test:  function for displaying expression representations with vector printing enabled .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  returns   sums
truth:  returns   expression

test:  a convenience function for computing a chops extension .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  pickles   utf-8
truth:  pickles   argument

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   increment
truth:  function   gradient

test:  this only adds an alloc to the input .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convenience function for returning a set of formatted nodes with limited fields for rendering or more dataframe .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data modechoice data and return a dataset class .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  set up the test scenario for the test case .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   fixed
truth:  set   scenario

test:  generate a tuple of tuples .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  returns a color or a color tuple of the graph .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  turn   returns
truth:  turn   something

test:  activate jquery animations on the system .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   synchronize
truth:  matching   addresses

test:  ipdb as a dispatched .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of changed that have changed on .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  get all languages .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  get head stats .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  addresses issue #5835 .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  addresses   pulls
truth:  addresses   null

test:  return activation function by the name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  parse a lbracket mapping file with a dataframe .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  no crash .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  given an email address .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   clone
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond3 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  returns all node subscriptions unless a user is an subscriptions on behalf of vlanhost .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  pass me an object and returns a python object .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  get the font font for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   reset
truth:  get   reader

test:  group add view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   astring
truth:  add   route

test:  returns the maximum of a tensor along given axis .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  filters a vlan and optionally bridge from the given host .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  create   deserialized
truth:  create   bridge

test:  disconnect all only_persist and append them to the page .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  disconnect   pulls
truth:  disconnect   null

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  supports the command-line arguments listed below .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  builds   rectify
truth:  builds   parser

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  return a random color string .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   been
truth:  return   format

test:  frees an existing coordinates .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  fix the rate to be run in sms .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  update the num gildings .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  given a node .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  equality_expression : relational_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if both .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  parameters retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int 天数，统计n天以来上榜次数，默认为5天，其余是10、30、60 retry_count : int . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  print an error handler to stderr .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  enable   flattens
truth:  enable   output

test:  takes a soundcloud gif object and returns gif .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a base64 encoded sql server listening .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  execute queries against postgres .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  execute   expects
truth:  execute   queries

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns the rep relationship between user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  return lower bound to the quality (q) .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  never be joined bits .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  left   input_string
truth:  left   join

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the incident table .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   predicate
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test whether a numpy array has any distances .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   attributes
truth:  test   arrays

test:  helper function to get backtrace code from xml .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  run freebsd-update on a remote host .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  main program for cleaning up the script .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  parses a html string from a dictionary .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  computes the paired distances between x and y .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   capitalize
truth:  computes   distances

test:  run a scheduled operation on a remote server .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   deregister
truth:  run   jobs

test:  pass the image in an image and rois on that image .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  project   forwards
truth:  project   image

test:  return a list of all the files that contain the specified package .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  internet method for systems .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  try to install an image .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  instantiate a network for ssl app and return a new requesturitoolong .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  creates   clones
truth:  creates   server

test:  creates and returns a new user object for a user with given user_id .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  returns true if the boolean indicating whether the configuration is the same as the argument .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  convert a number of unicode strings into a string .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  parse   unpublicizes
truth:  parse   description

test:  plot a single figure with an textual topo .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  check for docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this method will return a thumbnail if a thumbnail on an alias .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns the structure in a^p where the instance is the correct coordinate system .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  checks   attributes
truth:  checks   arrays

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  separate the form for one or more matching contractions .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  scrub a list of tuples to a stringlist as a string .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  rebuild   drawing
truth:  rebuild   tags

test:  get a matrix of the preconditioner .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  a synonym for the current settings .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  coerce value to a json formatted timestamp .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  ensure no url is blocked when config exists .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  test   converted
truth:  test   block

test:  unpickle flask plugin only .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  rebuild   poll
truth:  rebuild   versions

test:  put a lock file note that the lock does not match .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  refresh   constructs
truth:  refresh   lock

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  formats a gf(p)[x] .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  converts unicode to utf-8 .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns true if g has no independent independent set .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  loads a class by name .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  returns a list of words .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  computes a linear least squares points for an points .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  generates   restoring
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote -> quoted .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  removes   learn
truth:  removes   quotes

test:  returns the default value for this process .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  test that gpu is initialized with seed .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  verify   expr
truth:  verify   valueerror

test:  create a color with the given course class .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  build   detects
truth:  build   color

test:  updates review reviews for given user .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  takes   scans
truth:  takes   pairs

test:  converts an rfc822 formatted string to a unix time suitable for sending with the following fields .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  cases: restful controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  fetches a docker image from a url .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  helper for adding a view to a request .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  add   inform
truth:  add   entry

test:  gets a fixed ips from the table filtering on vif virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  change profile confirmation .
truth: change users email . 
test:  change   equalize
truth:  change   email

test:  push a table onto a valid random bits .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   capture
truth:  push   bit

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  messaging delete .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  returns the expected key for the specified user .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  use an etag_func() that returns unquoted .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  fetches a list of all ports on server side cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   unsqueezing
truth:  install   setuptools

test:  issue when setting an exception is saved .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  logs   applied
truth:  logs   trace

test:  enable the service on the server cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  returns a new out_file: url as a dictionary .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  compare   xlsx
truth:  compare   query

test:  average average loss for a avg writer .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  create a session .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  creates   controls
truth:  creates   ids

test:  downsample provides a list of strings to send date .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  choose   focused
truth:  choose   dates

test:  private method to add keys to the default parameters .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   customized
truth:  get   salt

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   wanted
truth:  construct   filename

test:  returns lines for a particular value .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  helper to determine if were running a .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  determine   tear
truth:  determine   module

test:  resize a network .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  resize   plucks
truth:  resize   window

test:  return a list of users that are available .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  retrieves the total more model objects for a given date and its received template .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  fetches   enhance
truth:  fetches   items

test:  returns an encoder for a bytestring field .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  cross-platform version of os .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  check the correct path to log file .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  log   located
truth:  log   method

test:  converts a shell-like string representation of a regular expression pattern .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  pulls   newlines
truth:  pulls   dimensions

test:  image should be zero .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  accept keys based on the match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  accept   review
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  decrypt a string with the private key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  utf-8 object 8 .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  utf-8   unifies
truth:  utf-8   encoding

test:  update the compressor compressor file .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return data to a pg server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   fleiss
truth:  return   mysql

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk file are marked as root .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  initialize a container container path .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  find a hacky file for mysql .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  forces the given document to provide the contents of a given document .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  totodiles female sprite -- same as male .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set windows rc configuration variables cli example: .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  uk - 目录的绝对路径 .
truth: uk - user key shareid - 共享文件的id值 dirname - 共享目录 . 
test:  -   allocate
truth:  -   user

test:  returns a dict of job ids .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  converts a sparse matrix in sparse matrix to an iterable of weighted edge triples .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  like dict_to .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  restores   usage_key_string
truth:  restores   view

test:  return the window and registryexcept window for the storage .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   routing
truth:  get   registry

test:  fixture to yield all of the tests .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  test gcrs<->altaz from a victim .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  checks   align
truth:  checks   observation

test:  check if the given header is set correctly .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  check   assume
truth:  check   header

test:  compute the google serverdescription for the normal matrix .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   repairs
truth:  compute   correlation

test:  initialized storing .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  create a bound parameter in the insert statement to receive a prefetched default value .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   sums
truth:  create   expression

test:  get the path relative to the zipline root .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  read a dictionary .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  removes irc color and trailing spaces from the string .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds a new canned only to each file .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  see   safe_octal
truth:  see   class

test:  make sure that the gettext with the given key .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  make   ascii
truth:  make   gnu

test:  generate and return a list of related models for all related models in a given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  when a new container has been updated .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  send an event to a mattermost channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   fitnesse
truth:  send   events

test:  randomly select a point in a string .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  return the configuration directory .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  check if named file may contain media .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  returns the value of the user-agent header to use for update requests .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  returns an iterator over the length of the given list of values .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  returns the number of interval to use for a number .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  returns   unshelve
truth:  returns   interval

test:  require a perms user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  get the cached rss for the aws dialect .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  sample   compose
truth:  sample   usage

test:  test that you can add suggestion the exception file .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  register a class for lltd .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add faces from convex loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  return true if the given object has a throttled .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  determine   based
truth:  determine   address

test:  partition an osd cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  list   crops
truth:  list   partitions

test:  ensures that the provided value is a positive integer .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensures   bench
truth:  ensures   value

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   arrive
truth:  return   escape

test:  given an override and a single client .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  pulls   inform
truth:  pulls   entry

test:  get the local network interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  updates the blocks in the background .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  compute weighted mean squared objective function .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  transforms   reported
truth:  transforms   function

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  avoid   supports
truth:  avoid   text

test:  check if the configuration variables need to be anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create a wtforms credentials from gce slave for gce .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  return system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  add a menu plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  set the base directory for the passed gcf .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  clear   parens
truth:  clear   figure

test:  list task spool .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   mount
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  encrypts   pulls
truth:  encrypts   null

test:  returns the base url from a url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the bridge to which the brs is to cli example: .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   totodiles
truth:  returns   machines

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  check the correct log event loop as being mapped to the slow .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  check if the only if the potentially statement is actually a valid python iface .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  generate the four precision of the given image data .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get file from name .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  pulls   attribute
truth:  pulls   statements

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   pack
truth:  prewitt   edge

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  pulls   unzips
truth:  pulls   drivers

test:  generate a file temporary file creation .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  import a module from its docstring .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  handle an openid request .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  complete   pulls
truth:  complete   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to ratio of the ratio .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   freeze
truth:  test   processing

test:  returns a string representation of a given money code .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  prevent user (e .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  patches   requested
truth:  patches   detection

test:  for the winsorise .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  drops   clip
truth:  drops   record

test:  check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns the version string .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  delete text with the specified cursor .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  checks whether the given word is in the first word .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  create a new block device mapping entry .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  convert "d .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  returns a function that wraps the given iterable object that is not a custom worker .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the result of an object .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  prints usage information for a given command .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  decorator that catches a wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  turns   located
truth:  turns   method

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  creates an asyncio .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check that mongo .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   encoding
truth:  check   mongo

test:  repack options then call salt .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  signal to save an existing set of site packages .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  removes outer tagging tagging tagging for the given image .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  the stream factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   link
truth:  stream   factory

test:  checks if the adobe file is in the cluster .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  generate an appropriate identity request .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a dictionary of values in a pycrust dict .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  return the boot options from the user .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  generator that returns the iterator over the iterator of the iterator .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  return   manages
truth:  return   expansion

test:  looks up the immediate current file and returns the value for a given path .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  helper to match the control spellchecker .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  return an application object .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  instantiate   roundrobin
truth:  instantiate   application

test:  return an iterator that has a viewfinder group in the given file .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  makes a dict mapping tensorflow tensorflow widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  initialize   branching
truth:  initialize   progress

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   deflate
truth:  parse   config

test:  generate unique id in uuid4 format .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  put   get_auth_provider
truth:  put   hold

test:  clean up the assets page .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  get the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the sends sends device platform .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  test qurl_from_user_input .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test whether an object is a instance of a pair .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  pulls   returns
truth:  pulls   something

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   mount
truth:  deletes   task

test:  get all available regions for the amazon codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  tries   stores
truth:  tries   name

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  batched   attribute
truth:  batched   statements

test:  test input for an error .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  returns a list of direct names .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  adjust the points contained in a floating css file .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  export a single document to named page .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  export   aliased
truth:  export   json

test:  returns an full path of a given app_name file .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  get   init
truth:  get   modules

test:  download all workflows workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  downloads   moves
truth:  downloads   updates

test:  create an key for storing file .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  update config .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  updates   talking
truth:  updates   dict

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup the hyperion sensor platform .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   adding
truth:  setup   gpio

test:  returns the index of a file .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  declares some flags .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   translates
truth:  declares   flags

test:  test existence of target_db .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  test   loved
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  pulls   seek
truth:  pulls   subscriptions

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   urlencode
truth:  delete   item

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   dtype
truth:  removes   arg

test:  get the cylindrical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the horizontal edges of an image using the scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  yield yield yield stats from the bucket .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  returns   stopped
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get the unique converter id for a specific entity .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  returns   override
truth:  returns   converter

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  compute the solid length length for the given model .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  get descendant variables from input .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  handler for valid openid protocol requests .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  returns file path to directory .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   flip
truth:  emulate   python

test:  make a hybi-07 frame with binary or text data .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   github
truth:  make   frame

test:  remove packages which match the minion cli example: .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   constructs
truth:  remove   lock

test:  provides a manage for cases: .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  return an absolute data dir for the given .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  for each registered desc .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  get messages from the session .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  return a copy of the dictionary .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  manage ip list for smtp connections .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  manage   disemvowels
truth:  manage   smtp

test:  verify that the class text is only text .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  failed   containing
truth:  failed   ip

test:  decorator that generates subtask of a subtask to the given subtask .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  store   tile
truth:  store   information

test:  return a list of all queues .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  return the users support web page .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   grouping
truth:  return   system

test:  force the wsgi server to shutdown the json-serializable system .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  stop   clones
truth:  stop   server

test:  return a list of columns with the columns in the given cols .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  locate   mounts
truth:  locate   objects

test:  construct a url that ignores the wiki key from the wiki .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns an otu log table by the given axis .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  test logarithmic option with a bad line .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  fdk -> alloc generator for use in expressions .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  create a wheel from pip .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  test   unload
truth:  test   client

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   intrepret
truth:  generate   pdf

test:  register the mapping .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  given   spyders
truth:  given   scheme

test:  return if the project is according to the current project .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  return detailed information about the vms .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  get the cookie for a given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the 9j .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  wrap to log in json .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  boolean .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  get   binding
truth:  get   fact

test:  retrieves the model for the given comment name .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  return temporary tree tree in mb .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  get the aws request from the aws timeout object .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  mount virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   jitter
truth:  remove   guest

test:  test if a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  ignore if user is not allowed to administer the key .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  ignore   allocate
truth:  ignore   user

test:  a helper function to get the default viewer of a product .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  show   registers
truth:  show   product

test:  generate the projection of a set of numbers .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  return   running
truth:  return   math

test:  defines the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   retain
truth:  ask   platform

test:  get transformed from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  works like the absolute error along the given axis .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters year:int 年度 e .
truth: parameters year:年份 return date:日期 1y_5:5日均值 1y_10:10日均值 1y_20:20日均值 . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  return the metric for the given image .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  true if a model is multiple primary .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  return the vm data for a jid .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  convert a dictionary to an index object .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  computes the correlation distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  generate a saved_file saved_file list of thumbnails for which a given release .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  simulate   pings
truth:  simulate   behavior

test:  asserts two arrays are equal .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  assert   collecting
truth:  assert   b

test:  default function to test the fresh .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  :0: :0: :0: from the global tables .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  returns true if running on the passed request is running .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  provider a cloudformation patch to be updated by calling its modified .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert a matplotlib figure to plot .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  map   overriding
truth:  map   dimension

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  passed a string with one or more etags passed in if-none-match and if-match headers .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  test   int
truth:  test   match

test:  returns a unicode object for the given string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request handler .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  process a timestamp .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  process   childnodes
truth:  process   timestamp

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  saves   r^2
truth:  saves   form

test:  decorator that specifies a method with a boto3 .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  performs a bunch of scaling factors for each bunch of ints in a rfc 0x00000001 .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  parse an html html tree .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  sanitizes   manage
truth:  sanitizes   fragment

test:  and the last wrapper method .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  set a users preferred time zone .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   start
truth:  set   zone

test:  return a dict without preserving the first model tag names and the tag names .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  filter   forms
truth:  filter   result

test:  return whether the reuse_db flag was passed .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   trailing
truth:  return   flag

test:  notifies a simple notification to send the recipient of the given message .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  only load if the last_login module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   hacked
truth:  transform   buffer

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   rising
truth:  construct   group

test:  appends a whole load to the debug information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  add a node to the tree .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   urlencode
truth:  insert   item

test:  for a course problem to an action on a particular problem .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  convenience wrapper for django .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   project
truth:  generates   ascii

test:  return the guess guess at the given name .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  repartition a dask dataframe from a dask dataframe .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  repartition   pulls
truth:  repartition   null

test:  load a file by path and return a configparser object .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  return the path to the directory of a template file .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  prompt to user for help by a number to the argument .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  prompt   xfail
truth:  prompt   help

test:  send an sms client .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  return digraph families of directed graph .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  kronecker array of sparse matrices a .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  if func is a decorator that is passed to the method used in .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  take list of names and return a list of texts .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  format   simulate
truth:  format   spec

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  module identification function .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  process the rules in the policy list of rules present in the policy .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  walk   unescapes
truth:  walk   rule

test:  find any key=value stats in the given token .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  return an extension string for all python files in a packed .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the value of a property in the image properties .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  return the username of a specific user .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  it may be an geo bank key .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  discretize model by taking the average on an image .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the placeholder from the url and version .
truth: returns the version key for the given «placeholder» . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  generate stl example rst .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  returns an ssh server version .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  default remote method for mbid .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  retain a reference to a media player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  validates an exception .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  send pending notification to local email addresses .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   pulls
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  determine if the level level is a valid python level :type package: .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  given a sequence of values .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  pickle   unmap
truth:  pickle   descriptors

test:  estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using mle parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  estimate   reported
truth:  estimate   function

test:  admin view that displays the settings file .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  like scipy but of dynamic .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  return   smooth
truth:  return   vector

test:  check if a file exists and is a block device .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  for a hardware rendering .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   thrusting
truth:  return   space

test:  listen for state changes based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   loads
truth:  listen   changes

test:  generate plots for each figure in the given figure .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plots   forwards
truth:  plots   image

test:  formats the size .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   analyzes
truth:  format   size

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   stubbed
truth:  adds   headers

test:  cast any string to url .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  append   pulls
truth:  append   null

test:  returns an stock or get rate rate from the queue .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  get   scaled
truth:  get   queue

test:  set quota resources for all resources .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  sets   capture
truth:  sets   bit

test:  converts any object marker to a response dict suitable for writing to a object .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  returns the index where to insert item v .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  setup the lifx platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  yaml: finder this plugin allows to find a build finder display it to be configured on target target .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  yields a single range suitable for use as an iterator .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  filters   convers
truth:  filters   enumeration

test:  returns human readable human dictionary for a user .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  converts   controls
truth:  converts   ids

test:  return a dictionary from a simple deserialization .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  result   shared
truth:  result   string

test:  reads the contents of the server .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate all pairwise in a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  pair   pulls
truth:  pair   null

test:  adds a tuple to a tuple of tuples .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  tests   docfield
truth:  tests   angle

test:  test sensitivity specificity and binary score for binary bar .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   commits
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  returns a unicode string of a given string .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  unicode   suppose
truth:  unicode   algorithm

test:  take a dictionary with keys .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  remove   review
truth:  remove   keys

test:  verify the given exception name .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  unpack a septets sequence .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek 1000 units .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   categorize
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the hyperbolic sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   returning
truth:  evaluates   tan

test:  return options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  removes colors and invalid colors .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  generate the test suite for a file .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  decorator for notify which we get media constraints for the given sqlalchemy column .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  determines if we are using a proxy process in the proxy .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  render a formset **tag name**:: bootstrap_field **parameters**: errors .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  return a new service object .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  add   reduced
truth:  add   cli

test:  html markup about the total stats .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  stats   attacked
truth:  stats   stats

test:  workaround for remote packages .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  sets a cookie header .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  decorator to cause an filters to be profiled .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  parses a resource from the given views and returns a tuple of it .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant p in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  reads and returns a list of contents from a local cache file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  compile vm diagnostics data and return a dictionary for the record .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   restoring
truth:  compile   data

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular review .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  checks whether or not we meet the minimum of the specified version .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  called at the end .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  this is a helper function for the javascript code and bad functions that creates a value into a value that is designed to be automatically set of strings in the
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  writes the filesystem cache to cache folders .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  writes   enhanced
truth:  writes   object

test:  raises an exception if the given extension verify is not a valid public extension .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  verify   attempt
truth:  verify   extension

test:  generate the attribute name that should be used to generate the underlying file to return the python object .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  generate   overlay
truth:  generate   func

test:  check that the specified upgrade is an upgrade .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  match   pulls
truth:  match   null

test:  returns the class of the indicated type .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  set the output weights of all spins as a dict .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  show   rescanning
truth:  show   weights

test:  associate current email with the email address .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  get the current thread label as a dict .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  converts a node to a node .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   presents
truth:  convert   mapping

test:  write contents to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  decorator to add a handler to an alternative handler .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   registers
truth:  find   product

test:  validate that the model is supported by a model .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  check   pushing
truth:  check   model

test:  convert a point to the nearest stroke name .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  is the sympy expression .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  fires before user-entered code runs .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   batch
truth:  fires   code

test:  simple example of blockdiag .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  like accessor .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  set up a list of google apps .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  sets   estimating
truth:  sets   domains

test:  updates a new profile picture for the user with an existing set of profile .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  convenience function for polynomial interpolation .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  select   eliminates
truth:  select   elements

test:  a sequence_type of the object/categorical for launching the unit malt .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  like _simplesizer except for a group field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  run revision since the on-disk file .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  pulls   changes
truth:  pulls   languages

test:  return a tuple like overlapping .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  run a python task if the given object has been a task hook .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  invokes   challengenes
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   echoes
truth:  obtain   prefixes

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate wrapper shell script for java test .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  build   register
truth:  build   wrapper

test:  concatenate a list of text strings .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  concatenate   exposes
truth:  concatenate   values

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  the cumulative roll-off function .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a default locale parameters from the locale locale locale .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  returns   printing
truth:  returns   locale

test:  expand degeneracies into degeneracies .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  do not expose method for the given method .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  utf-8   pulls
truth:  utf-8   null

test:  write all existing libraries to a temp file .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   sanitize
truth:  write   libraries

test:  drop stats from the log file .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  compute   attacked
truth:  compute   stats

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to add current command to maintaining command (like .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  prefixes   echoes
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  check and convert it to registry .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the formatted list padded padded name .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  get the top of the top topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  update an error message based on a bad settings .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  pulls   overlapping
truth:  pulls   tm

test:  parse an committish .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  resolve   orthoganlize
truth:  resolve   hash

test:  get the adapter name and mac addresses from a given port .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  produce a trace for the dataset .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  convert   embeds
truth:  convert   pandas

test:  ensure that uncaught rules with existing filter rules are not set .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  interprets a boolean value and turn it into a boolean value .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  grant ldap notification with corresponding to the relevant relevant quay .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  calculate   poll
truth:  calculate   versions

test:  return current system keyboard setting cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  helper method for defining values to handle strings .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  get unique ft_library filter if it exists .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  get   wrapping
truth:  get   handle

test:  compute the number of numeric values .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  compute   mocks
truth:  compute   scores

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  gets a campaign feed for the given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return the head part of a path .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  given a path to the cola .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  default view that renders a custom dictionary for a given dictionary and a dictionary of matching values .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  mimics   lambda
truth:  mimics   django

test:  returns a list of potential potential lines .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  verify context has admin rights according to policy settings .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  convenience function for taking a layer from a tensor .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  create a new private key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  returns a list of versions for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   poll
truth:  returns   versions

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the image onto the specified size and size .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  used   indicating
truth:  used   images

test:  given a single course content usage .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  finds   svn
truth:  finds   dicts

test:  wait to see delete query output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  wait   xlsx
truth:  wait   query

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  bootstrap a package root directory .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  bootstrap   forwards
truth:  bootstrap   image

test:  handle to the parameters twitter : string default value of the parameters on which to be created .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  starts the browser .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  merge a review branch dialogs .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  diff   capitalizes
truth:  diff   revision

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns an environment .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  checks if the given reg is an iterable of assignments .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  move the options for the cursor .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  add   emitting
truth:  add   character

test:  retrieve the cpu usage for a process .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create the shape of the input array .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  function   colorizes
truth:  function   matlab

test:  reorder -> returns << the integer n .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  rotate   prepopulates
truth:  rotate   bits

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words argument: number of words to truncate after .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of the snapshot to destroy the snapshot of the service force : boolean try harder : boolean try harder
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   indexes
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns a maxfilter-formatted dataframe .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  transforms the game data into two transformed points .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  calculates   bench
truth:  calculates   value

test:  if the passed unit raises an exception .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a list of dimension@hierarchy arguments for use in templates .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   echo
truth:  get   minimum

test:  encode an entry using tex_root .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  convert a number from a string .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get a cluster that matches the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  assert that the items of an element is before the .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  return data that marks a specified function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  quote a string for safe and escapes .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  convert two model objects into a file .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  for usage with container sync .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   behave
truth:  usage   sync

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  add flavor access for flavor access to flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  adds a thread as a thread .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  determine the correct python resources this function tries to join the root application .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   widening
truth:  determine   location

test:  returns a string representing the rst in a string .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  outputs   tests
truth:  outputs   span

test:  find rect number from four vertices .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  helper function to retrieve a scaling policy file from all elastic policy .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parses an s3 uri into a dict .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  returns a valid relation type given the given type or a string of type .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  map   teardown
truth:  map   type

test:  construct an object holding a time value from a unix ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  deprecated   skipped
truth:  deprecated   use

test:  check if we are running on .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  sets the unit registry based on the unit registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  prepare the correct remote options .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  download   unquote
truth:  download   note

test:  create a static ip .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  ensure that a container path is not owner .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  extended euclidean algorithm for pre-amplification .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   suppose
truth:  extended   algorithm

test:  helper for creating a prompt to be used .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  return the version from hadoop cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns the list of unique elements of iterable .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  parse a valid looking format string in the format we can add it to a relative date .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return status code plus status text descriptive message .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  get the vsphere object for the given object name .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  get   remote_api
truth:  get   inheritance

test:  a student decorator to add a student to the response .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  special function to help handles the way and yield something .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a tuple .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute the product of the square matrix in-place .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  displays currently executed file path .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   stores
truth:  displays   name

test:  copy files & run a given source to a file .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  pulls   generating
truth:  pulls   shell

test:  creates an ssh web page .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  clean   restoring
truth:  clean   data

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  start the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  return   projects
truth:  return   cci

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  a valid array that is not valid .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  used   lstrip
truth:  used   set

test:  returns a n-dimensional tree in breadth-first-search from source .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  given a string .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  wait for a single task to be ip .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  take   switch
truth:  take   list

test:  change the portage tree for a make sure that we can extend go automatically running on the specified port; cli example: .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  pulls   receives
truth:  pulls   port

test:  validates that integer validates the incoming values or scale are valid .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   exposes
truth:  validates   values

test:  this is needed to generate nodes in nested graph .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  surround   banned
truth:  surround   children

test:  test that an items in the body column can be set .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  ensure   shows
truth:  ensure   subclass

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  rewrite the current line of where the cursor is .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  refresh   small_stmts
truth:  refresh   line

test:  sets the date on which the date expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   temperature
truth:  sets   date

test:  creates a regenerate template certificates for corresponding courses .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve a users enrollments object for a particular user .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  retrieves   disconnect
truth:  retrieves   courses

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  a watched or recently callback .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  compute the cross strength for vector .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  cross   register
truth:  cross   wrapper

test:  test cloning a git repository from an editable url which contains "dev" where url .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  test   commit
truth:  test   repository

test:  pick out channels .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   sums
truth:  pick   expression

test:  imports the indentation and returns a unified bug .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  generate   asserts
truth:  generate   diff

test:  create a color with a matplotlib color for the given color color and a make a reference color .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  return default value for currency .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  method decorator to declare which methods are valid .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  extracts the requested token from http oauth token and returns url .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  generates a stable url for a stable request .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get request auth vars and requests .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  pulls   receiving
truth:  pulls   js

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new action object from the widgets .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   preface
truth:  generates   degree

test:  decode a bom encoded data .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  adds a single tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  generate a url for a resource .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  load   indicating
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  decorator to mock streams into sys .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  replaces   takes
truth:  replaces   stream

test:  push a repository based on the git config .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  apply   yields
truth:  apply   push

test:  return the url to the request .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  load social auth current user data to context under the key backends .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  add   targeting
truth:  add   backends

test:  notify subscribed users about new suggestion .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  notify   bootstrap
truth:  notify   suggestion

test:  detects whether the file is sane and can be imported .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  setup the rfxtrx component .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  returns a list of extractors .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  converts all the keys in "data_dict" to a dictionary .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  set   review
truth:  set   keys

test:  return a list of refs to a particular file .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  set adjust option as float .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  set   cause
truth:  set   option

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  pulls   interact
truth:  pulls   legendre

test:  read in the same text from the call and return it .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  pulls   find
truth:  pulls   boolean

test:  changes the vm field of the vm cli example: .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   store
truth:  changes   memory

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  read this iterator from structured scopes .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns the given html with ampersands .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  check whether or not the course exists in studio .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  determine   catch
truth:  determine   course

test:  get the doctest module .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  run   establish
truth:  run   py

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  renders the storage account details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   bounds
truth:  renders   table

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get api method for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   install
truth:  get   response

test:  returns true if the named container exists cli example: .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  check   satisfy
truth:  check   container

test:  this is here to allow the has an existing action .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  compute list of poygon to apply a new set of inputs .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  convert a python object to a python expression .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns the content whose pages in the given pages .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  get a task entity .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  registers vcs handler .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  render the keys in the main .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  checks to see if mayavi version is at least min_version .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove illegal characters and nat characters .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  return the day in iso 8601 format .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  test subtraction of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  parses a snapshot of the tree .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   loved
truth:  parse   doc

test:  returns an array of random values over the interval [0 .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  create a new datacenter in the specified service .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  creates   deleted
truth:  creates   datacenter

test:  strip html characters .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  set the default attribute value for a property that will be created .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  handle   deallocate
truth:  handle   worker

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  get an old version of a class .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  entry point for sphinx process .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  construct   mutes
truth:  construct   app

test:  converts a volumeid passed as the manager to a cloudblockstoragevolume object .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the incident formstyle .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate the string list of simple_stmt .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generate   rolls
truth:  generate   substitution

test:  generate a key .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  uploads a bucket by a file and saving the resulting object .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  uploads   enhanced
truth:  uploads   object

test:  render the differential equation using a given method .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  load only on windows .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a matrix that is reflection to normal date .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  converts a dict to a protobuf .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  populates   pushing
truth:  populates   model

test:  loads a module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  return a copy of the string s .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  creates an vocabulary over the vocabulary .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  compute the blended for the blended model .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  obtain   offset
truth:  obtain   parameters

test:  ensure that the named index template is absent .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   regressiont
truth:  ensure   index

test:  calculate the shape of an image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  handle   choice
truth:  handle   formats

test:  return true if *uri* looks like a valid ip .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  return the complete url for a backend .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  gets   spawns
truth:  gets   endpoint

test:  start a main .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   patched
truth:  get   y

test:  generate a valid identifier id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  picking test for an editable list sessions .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  tests   usage_key_string
truth:  tests   view

test:  sets the cuda service .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  function   rectified
truth:  function   cuda

test:  feed a single page from a string .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  pulls   consisting
truth:  pulls   link

test:  parse a python source file using the named function .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  return true if any possible alphabet are already a valid sequence .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  check   reveal
truth:  check   sequence

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --target .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  same as a != b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  returns a tuple of the pootle version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  a helper function to determine if the given node has been resolved from the tree .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator factory to track track changes .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  timestamp for time in stim .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  synthesize   overrides
truth:  synthesize   channel

test:  the ascii label for a ln or > label int .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  draw   preprocessing
truth:  draw   char

test:  return a list of tuples from a raw line string .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  parse   eliminates
truth:  parse   elements

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  extract entry code from doctests .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  formats   batch
truth:  formats   code

test:  for windows .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  extract   initializes
truth:  extract   program

test:  formats the display options for the directives .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  model fails with given greenlet .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  return the meshes for a given file .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of states of the given unresolved state which has been exps .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  gets   coordinates
truth:  gets   exploration

test:  generate a custom test plaintext for an provider .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  generate   cleave
truth:  generate   providers

test:  label: get the object for the object .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  test io for label .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  return a private union of jobs .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  returns a dict representation of a remote format .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   searching
truth:  return   architecture

test:  return the path to the directory where theme is located .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test if we have a duplicate keys for packages .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  test   svn
truth:  test   dicts

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated page .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   inverts
truth:  attach   statuses

test:  move up to nodes via an expected state .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   extended
truth:  move   exit

test:  there is no threading but is a no-op since no threading .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  return true if a and b are not not not b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  recursively remove an item from the datastore .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  parse the query_string from the dashboard and return it as a dashboard .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  translate   point
truth:  translate   status

test:  retrieve module if running under sys .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  initialize   determine
truth:  initialize   projects

test:  locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   present
truth:  locate   role

test:  create an api function that should not be assigned to a user .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get comparison in a single comparing layer between 2 and comparing .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  utility function that checks the given stats for request .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  returns comprehensive rpcclient for configuration .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  create a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   mount
truth:  create   task

test:  project redirects view and form view .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  prints out a single blob .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  prints   emit
truth:  prints   access

test:  default view .
truth: the media page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return a string representing a number .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  gets the path to the directory where we were located .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  returns   deconvolves
truth:  returns   level

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a string identifying an cryptographically-strong versioned body .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  provide   polygon
truth:  provide   hmac

test:  parses a request uri into the 1 .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  parse   knapsack
truth:  parse   request

test:  returns a formatted summary of a change .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  generate   import
truth:  generate   summary

test:  sends the given message to stdout .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  save   attriute
truth:  save   stdout

test:  calibration a dy/dt .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  align -> int rounds x up to down .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  parses a dictionary of "legacy" lines .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  returns   cause
truth:  returns   option

test:  decorate a message with the given key msg .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render an icon **tag name**:: bootstrap_icon **parameters**: icon icon .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   resizes
truth:  render   icon

test:  signal for transparent os .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  capture   pulls
truth:  capture   null

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  runs a single environment .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  write the configuration file .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  writes   deflate
truth:  writes   config

test:  same as a .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  search a search results for a search .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  returns a connection with the given options .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  test various invalid values .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  import the shared configuration file .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  parse a content-type like object into a time object .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parse   cross
truth:  parse   iso8601

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   dwindle
truth:  returns   neighbor

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  for a :py:class:optionparser signal that use a file to compute the hasher fingerprint of the path .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  hash   bartels
truth:  hash   contents

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the hwclock for the specified system .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  return   sampling
truth:  return   clock

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   squeezing
truth:  get   uuid

test:  create and return an image from a string .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return the name of a repository .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  determine   crop
truth:  determine   directory

test:  moves a traffic server to the log file .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  logs   automate
truth:  logs   traffic

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  test logo logo .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   sum
truth:  test   logo

test:  returns the uri for the given stream .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  adds an entry to the given course update .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  physicists laguerre polynomial .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait for master function to become master config .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   impute
truth:  wait   topology

test:  open or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  yaml: build a build parameter .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  provide the options for a template .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  invalidate given certificates for all students entries in the course .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  invalidate   gunzip
truth:  invalidate   certificates

test:  copy a snapshot from a snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  generate test info in the specified directory .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  clears the current plugins .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  delete filesystem or warning .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   forgets
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  we want this function is running an rendition for a instance of debug information from the system .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  obtain   define
truth:  obtain   path

test:  parse messageids .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a role by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   present
truth:  get   role

test:  move to saved playlist of a saved playlist .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rename   clean
truth:  rename   playlist

test:  generator for functions that creates pretty formatting .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator that allows specific function to enforce a single argument to @dual .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  verifies   issues
truth:  verifies   caller

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  same as a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  pulls   closes
truth:  pulls   +

test:  define a deprecation instructions if you cant be used .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  flags   located
truth:  flags   method

test:  load a class by alias and alias .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   orders
truth:  load   alias

test:  find the maximum flow of maximum single-commodity .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  the input sentence intervals function .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  return   debugging
truth:  return   dataset

test:  test vcs url .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  test   flashes
truth:  test   characters

test:  attaches the specified server to the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   rising
truth:  allocates   group

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  add   prioritized
truth:  add   messages

test:  pulls log files .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  create an entrance exam and a validation exam .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   escapes
truth:  encode   student

test:  check if a path is a syncfile .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  creates a figure with a given figure .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  creates   parens
truth:  creates   figure

test:  declare a single function by glcontext or response .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  insert   abandoned
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  compute the length of a auc binary image and direction auc parameters x : ndarray the number of second-order to be converted to the ith group of the ith ith
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  compute   clamp
truth:  compute   area

test:  step implements the strong to see newer .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  pulls   multiprocessing
truth:  pulls   css

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  pulls   remains
truth:  pulls   v1

test:  print a message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  create a fuse where dask is enabled .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  retrieve the network port for a given port name .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  move to the next history on the given event history .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  move   small_stmts
truth:  move   line

test:  creates a diff for an object parameters a and returns it .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  constructs   asserts
truth:  constructs   diff

test:  return a list of the appropriate jid .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   tsv
truth:  format   components

test:  initialize the logging for the files .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   code
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  escape & .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  remove   username

test:  scan over all the node with an analyzers entity .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  return the global lock ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  remove an absolute path .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parse a string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  changes an language .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  checks   stretch
truth:  checks   language

test:  parses a single table entry from a table .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  see   knapsack
truth:  see   request

test:  returns a string for an object .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  train a file on a single test .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  check if a module exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterates   labeled
truth:  iterates   file

test:  only work on linux systems .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  set the context of a certain palette .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  adds the current shipping handler to the default handler for temporary file .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  checks that first argument is true or raises an exception .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  fail   mounts
truth:  fail   objects

test:  return the time in milliseconds since the epoch as a floating point number .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  generate a string representation of an xml .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  combines   shared
truth:  combines   string

test:  test activation token when the user uses outbox .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  returns the size of the logs buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   decorating
truth:  returns   log

test:  converts binary representation to integer .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  cast   enhanced
truth:  cast   object

test:  a context manager that changes the temporary time to a temporary time .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  helps   binhexed
truth:  helps   tests

test:  create a short .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  generate   polygon
truth:  generate   hmac

test:  load authentication credentials for this minion .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  returns   expose
truth:  returns   credentials

test:  sort the version of the version .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  simply escapes a json object with the javascript code .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  dump   aliased
truth:  dump   json

test:  collect multiple option values into a single list .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   exposes
truth:  collect   values

test:  get the name of the config file .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   exposes
truth:  retrieves   values

test:  validate that the host is a valid ipv4 or not .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  validate   assume
truth:  validate   header

test:  set the gc to be used as the tests .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  set   turns
truth:  set   collector

test:  parse an unit entry from the our unit .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  used to connect to the minion cli example: .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  returns a group object for the group .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  is   stores
truth:  is   name

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  returns a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  print the number of output by the procedure .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  unpack an ipv4 number of parts of a single integer .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   reading
truth:  unpack   agent

test:  create a single waveform matrix from a positive integer array of tracks .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  pulls   mail
truth:  pulls   creation

test:  get print format for an html document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  uninstall a feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  disables   saving
truth:  disables   feature

test:  validate and parse it if the variable value is a dictionary .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  filter   represent
truth:  filter   failure

test:  get the sysfs ifname based on the pci address of the device .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  trim the front and end of the front .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trims   algorithm
truth:  trims   points

test:  return true if mode is from a regular file .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  convert a multilingual name into a dictionary .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  name   refresh
truth:  name   scripts

test:  makes a number where only need to be an identifier .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  encodes   sparks
truth:  encodes   number

test:  provide the tooltips for the tooltips filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  retrieve a locale to the list of the accepted header .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  get   let
truth:  get   fallback

test:  extract qresult from requests or object_list .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  function   easy_installed
truth:  function   hits

test:  get the type type .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  determine that the multidimensional ostermeier with css_selector .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  choose a boundary that is an boundary of the given nonce .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  accepts a most appropriate prefix and returns a get_default_stylesheet_location() prefix .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  detect   unifies
truth:  detect   encoding

test:  returns an instance for the comment .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from gray to color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  wrap a task in parallel .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  run   lstrip
truth:  run   set

test:  create a reference to a stream .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  extract labels that are unable to a dictionary of objects .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  grant access to the shared folders to the shared folders .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  grant   twitter
truth:  grant   auto

test:  check if a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  this function does a package in the system .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  allows user to add openid failure .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  linear unit function .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a list of objects for the product product product product .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  set the details of an rgb color by hls .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  manipulate   operate
truth:  manipulate   h

test:  convert a path to operating system path notation .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  indent all stripped .
truth: indent text . 
test:  indent   supports
truth:  indent   text

test:  add a new user to the settings for the given locale .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  generates   compressing
truth:  generates   menu

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   printed
truth:  compile   pattern

test:  in a base class with an out-of-line hash .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  unset the current file .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   reveal
truth:  close   sequence

test:  returns an absolute url for a static url .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  save cover data to grayscale .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  saves   restoring
truth:  saves   data

test:  set nginx port for bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  set   handles
truth:  set   site

test:  the whole information for a scan .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a release with a musicbrainz key .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   encapsulates
truth:  get   artists

test:  flattens a dictionary of dictionaries into a new dictionary .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  group the file or directory of a file .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  require   crop
truth:  require   directory

test:  looks up an index container index params .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  hydrate   flattening
truth:  hydrate   field

test:  scrub the device name from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   randomise
truth:  scrub   message

test:  create a new guppy setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  get the mor object for an object type .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get information about a token .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  fetch   guvectorize
truth:  fetch   oauth

test:  destroy the specified vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the config file location from the wsgi environment .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  yaml: phabricator this plugin introduces a build for the whole build process requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:envinject plugin <envinject+plugin> .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  perform initial radius .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   publish
truth:  computes   graph

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  stores an instance .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   borrowed
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute rms phasediff .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   skip
truth:  compute   difference

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  construct an environment object that support a scans scans .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  parse a gcode file and send the commands .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  returns all the lti endpoints corresponding to the given course .
truth: view that . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  tests datetimes are left and break other date/time to filter that applying the timezone info in iso-8601 .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  get   disables
truth:  get   datetime

test:  save a django model list to the given model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  compute an initial state sections for the step response .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  return   summarize
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate a list of missing tasks .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  generate   decreases
truth:  generate   documents

test:  accepts a dictionary .
truth: process the message . 
test:  process   randomise
truth:  process   message

test:  test if arg is a string .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  initialize all parameters needed for the encoder .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given an l{int} .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  replace removed before output_root .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  raises an exception if the image id does not exist or the given image id .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  check   forwards
truth:  check   image

test:  returns a floating point number in the expression tree .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  generate all prefixes in a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   echoes
truth:  generate   prefixes

test:  find a value of the variable whose volumes is not bound to support .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  setup the nest camera .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  reuturns reuturns package l{filelogobserver} .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  clean   simplifies
truth:  clean   packages

test:  default function for handling check requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  calculate md5sum of a file .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  returns chi amount of dimension dim from the unit time dimension .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  ensure function named function is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   backup
truth:  ensure   properties

test:  joins an email address .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  mask   based
truth:  mask   address

test:  convert the given numba type to a python type .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  converts   flip
truth:  converts   python

test:  defined a process with the specified width .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  shut   explode
truth:  shut   processes

test:  new profile form .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  computes the sha1 score for a basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  build a query string from the given query parameters .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get symbol by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  create the compiler that will send in the threadpool threadpool .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   childnodes
truth:  provide   timestamp

test:  sort an iterable .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  change a title to a name .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  pulls   advance
truth:  pulls   title

test:  get a inset path .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  encrypts two strings and true if there are any exit code .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return true if text store some queue and false .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  store   randomise
truth:  store   message

test:  iterative linear filter to be 1d or *n* the shortest .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  repeat   exposes
truth:  repeat   values

test:  return a single string with all stripped stripped .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  request a task to have an enrolled task in bulk .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  retry the internal function if it exists .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  returns an instance of the appropriate multiprocessing process .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   xyz
truth:  find   logarithm

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   disallow
truth:  get   identifiers

test:  add or overwrite data to the /comments .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  generate   signal
truth:  generate   datasets

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  ljust -> string return a ljust version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  construct the best callable that turns into a class .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  takes   instantiate
truth:  takes   arguments

test:  convert a dictionary to a tuple of .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  breaks   pulls
truth:  breaks   null

test:  turn the version string into a tuple .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  format   shared
truth:  format   string

test:  get the default options from the api .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   cie
truth:  use   predicate

test:  buildinfo resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  map x**m to y in a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  return   dst
truth:  return   c

test:  check to see if a cache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes a regularization cost by a network or group of network .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   digs
truth:  adds   html

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   exploit
truth:  remove   duplicates

test:  toggle control register data strobe bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  ensure that we are running in the ca folder .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  ensure   forgets
truth:  ensure   filesystem

test:  this function is called by nose_runner when the process starts .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  assure   resolved
truth:  assure   threads

test:  hide a specific service .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  interpolate between from_value and value from the current interpolate .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  encode a binary string using a bytestring .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a container .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  list   bartels
truth:  list   contents

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  swap   embedded
truth:  swap   example

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with topo_view instead of x .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  train   debugging
truth:  train   dataset

test:  destroy an instance top and update it .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns a string representation of a datetime .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  returns a list of unique constraints names .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  assumes a mixture is a mixture of distributions .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   pulls
truth:  sample   null

test:  converts a string into an array of words .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  like the matlab variance of standard deviation .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  interpret   store
truth:  interpret   memory

test:  guess the extension type for this module .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   attempt
truth:  guess   extension

test:  search for a requests to be done .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  get the plugins that was available for the given plugin classes .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  retrieve   shortens
truth:  retrieve   classes

test:  group add form .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  prepares the zone for running applications .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  halt   start
truth:  halt   zone

test:  return the sequence of the sample indices in an array that can be the same as the sample .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   estimating
truth:  get   domains

test:  return true if there is any of the same table in the current string .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  get the size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  return a fixed value .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  use the doesnt exist or remove the request and to scrub the services at .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  removes   terminate
truth:  removes   password

test:  print a registered [port_min .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  decodes document from prospective_search adapter request .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  decodes   forms
truth:  decodes   result

test:  return framework if it is a framework .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  share the default config files .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  compute epipole readable v[ .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  tests that *val* is a inf and carrier .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  return   induce
truth:  return   testing

test:  set new video key .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  segregate series based on extended columns and coerce that it to the extended mask .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  return the value of an expression .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  predict a samme within the unmodified proba .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  calculate   suppose
truth:  calculate   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  takes a single axis along the given axis .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  normalized   decorating
truth:  normalized   log

test:  position must have same overlap as arrays .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  compute   sympy
truth:  compute   slice

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  ensures that the version of a local or category gets supported by the user .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  verify   opened
truth:  verify   re

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  convert dot text into switch .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   deployed
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove an packages .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  remove   d

test:  assert a config can be changed on config class .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   deflate
truth:  assert   config

test:  run a command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  convert an int to numeric .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encodes   reshapes
truth:  encodes   serialization

test:  restart the specified app with the given id and restart it returns a l{twisted instance .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   freezing
truth:  restart   configuration

test:  update the given apikey .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  compute a exponential power spectral density .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  compute   seq
truth:  compute   fft

test:  list all available boot .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  dump error message but continue .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  validate an lowercased regex .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  validate   decorate
truth:  validate   matches

test:  convert images to four images .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  whether a site has a site .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  internal helper function to push and manipulate back into the data .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  pushing   unquote
truth:  pushing   note

test:  render the javascript text .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  render   pending
truth:  render   default

test:  access to the cached pokemon .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  access   adjust
truth:  access   inventory

test:  add a job for variant .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  takes   unquoting
truth:  takes   environment

test:  return a symbolic 3-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  rewrite the composition of two polynomials .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  try   imposes
truth:  try   f

test:  check that distances are created and that ecl works .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  extracts a unique key for each service .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  take   uncheck
truth:  take   element

test:  provides a configures attribute with the given signature .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  builds a wsgi entrypoints for the given target id .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  disable the account .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  pulls   rounded
truth:  pulls   purpose

test:  execute the given template context or rendering parameters .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   regroups
truth:  execute   rendering

test:  event: generate a floating loop for event element .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  loops   evaluate
truth:  loops   clip

test:  get password for given document .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  does a single test to different values .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  unsubscribe a unsubscribe unsubscribe .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  compute the geometric factorization of the input array .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  gets all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  get all visible checker .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get the current timezone of the connection .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   tear
truth:  unregister   module

test:  test either if an error is raised when the input data contains no images .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  tests   minimize
truth:  tests   theano

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  create a testcase for the given python text .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   equalize
truth:  build   email

test:  verify that the string cannot be validation .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  assert   lash
truth:  assert   validation

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  list   increase
truth:  list   nodes

test:  fixture that returns a fake text .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  simple wrapper to interface with bcache sysfs .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  decorator to ensure users to access to a function .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  pulls   drawing
truth:  pulls   tags

test:  parse process statistics into a list of rules .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  given an importtask .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns a string with any single space replaced by a single space .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurse   sleep
truth:  recurse   files

test:  this function is called when the first event was created .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  return a dict with unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  notify event service via callbacks .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  test that we can folder without folder when they dont have a folder trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  send the specified service to its response cli example: .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  import a module .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  imports   tear
truth:  imports   module

test:  intialize the module .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  compute the categorical distance between two distributions .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  url#insecurerequestwarning querystring to serve uri .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  removes whitespace including tab and newline characters .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  select the best individuals from the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  returns a dict of all available images of the images .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  given   indicating
truth:  given   images

test:  normalize_formset_dict -> a list of tuples .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  process a message .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  process   labeled
truth:  process   file

test:  load a django model from model_file_name model .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  pulls   pushing
truth:  pulls   model

test:  remove html options .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  check for linode configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  returns the contents of the file .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  for the current thread .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has no distributions otherwise .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  pulls   hovering
truth:  pulls   vcs

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  infers incoming shape using incoming return value plus input .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  given a json file .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  take parameters that can be used in a dictionary of parameters .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  build a profile map dict .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  convert   deflate
truth:  convert   config

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   added
truth:  detects   p

test:  test for nastiness-removal in scripts .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  test   changes
truth:  test   languages

test:  translate a dictionary containing only 0s and detrending to a dictionary .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  the main function runs the bloggerexample application with the provided username and password values .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decrypts a string .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  replace the sockets generated by the socket .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  mark   extracts
truth:  mark   socket

test:  compute the given string with all the form differences .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  determine the commit message for a suggestion .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  create degrees of two univariate points into a square matrix .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  creates   cleaning
truth:  creates   matrix

test:  read an xml file from the handle of a file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  returns a class corresponding to a generic class which is not used internally by the solr and returns a dictionary of dictionaries with the solr types .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test that we can construct a cudandarraysharedvariable from an arbitrary driver .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  test   igor
truth:  test   device

test:  perform the dictionary of the usernames request .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  computes   unrooted
truth:  computes   differences

test:  validate *attr* xml file against an xml schema schema .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  validate   labeled
truth:  validate   file

test:  extract versioned volume from a blockdevice_id .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  for each subject string in the series .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   shared
truth:  find   string

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the database to remove user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the user
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   joins
truth:  ensure   cluster

test:  return the title we can match a title .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  convert a timestamp from "offset to network .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   failing
truth:  convert   style

test:  delete a job .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  return volumes object associated with a volume .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  get   xlsx
truth:  get   query

test:  move history through the list of features .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   remove
truth:  move   history

test:  snaps -> str encodes a document counterpart using base64 .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  base64   flashes
truth:  base64   characters

test:  get the linux method for a given server .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  function   forbid
truth:  function   options

test:  method to generate api calls .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  filters out running tests .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  perform data_files drawing data are library and all files in the python source directory .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a list of custom images .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  start the standalone mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   created
truth:  start   mode

test:  update the cache file .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  waits for a resource to be escaped with an http error .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  note   wait
truth:  note   servers

test:  generate a student for testing purposes .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  function   escapes
truth:  function   student

test:  removes the key fetched from the ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  given a list of key-value pairs .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  reads html file .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  function   stores
truth:  function   name

test:  remove a contents of devices from the contents of a block .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  return timestamp for an object .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  convert the libcloud object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  skip test if the system is loaded .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  parse and return a valid user .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   allocate
truth:  validates   user

test:  helper function to convert the tokens representation to a packed expression .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   associate
truth:  function   expressions

test:  return a dictionary with the git version .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  display   extract
truth:  display   version

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  converts a integer to an integer .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  iterate over a commit range reference .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a specific child zone .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  parses the imap reply .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  api: execute a test on a web server .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  recursively set the functions of all possible strings .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  find   constrained
truth:  find   functions

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  install the passed package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a nested list .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  reads a sequence of built-in successful head .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  dump access to the settings that need to use the user : dictionary with the names of the settings .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   pending
truth:  do   default

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  get signal from sender this utility function allows you to retrieve signal from sender .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  same as normalize_index() .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  create a very very task for a unix audio file .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  pulls   atom
truth:  pulls   audio

test:  retrieves the grains from the network device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  get a float by a list of floats .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  ensure log for active that the specified format is active .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  manage   been
truth:  manage   format

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   timing
truth:  use   spaces

test:  make sure that the sleep will be running .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  return an ill-posed sample of the current machine .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  return the line number of the message .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  delete vm options .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  stop   hostname
truth:  stop   vm

test:  generate random keras variable .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  length-byte random data in seed .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   takes
truth:  stream   stream

test:  retrieve a file from the specified package if sublime is present .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  reads   bartels
truth:  reads   contents

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  returns true if g is a groebner basis .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  check   translated
truth:  check   g

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  convert a json sink to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  can safely have an arbitrary numpy boolean toggle .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  test   enhance
truth:  test   items

test:  renders a overlay line from an gdal .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   source
truth:  test   overlay

test:  list all versioned zones cli example: .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  displays   switch
truth:  displays   list

test:  creates a new package and returns a rope .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   downloading
truth:  creates   package

test:  decode a single header line of quoted-printable text .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   small_stmts
truth:  decode   line

test:  validate a --help .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  catch any exception raised by an exception .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  print   unbinds
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns the top rated for the given exploration .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  render a placeholder object for the given context using the month or bootstrap .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  render   applying
truth:  render   placeholder

test:  given a valid config .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  attach   holding
truth:  attach   policy

test:  given an data which returns a dict of lines .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  returns   leaves
truth:  returns   dictionaries

test:  list the metric server configuration files that match the given regex .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  display   exposes
truth:  display   values

test:  keep only files recursively .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  check   uploading
truth:  check   job

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of tan .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  replace   constrained
truth:  replace   functions

test:  get geometry output by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   form
truth:  get   side

test:  create a temporary file descriptor .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return a list of services that have been service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  return the status of the current environment .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  install application-specific fits image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   gosub
truth:  install   hdf5

test:  a helper func called to compute the 1-norm of a non-negative matrix .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   pulls
truth:  estimate   null

test:  find and replace a single file with chunks data structure .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  sort   rename
truth:  sort   members

test:  escape markdown characters as suggested by a ini librarys .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  download the data for the training dataset and compute it .
truth: load the data . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  method decorator to add to your test methods .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  return a valid config with correct properties .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  return the studio help links for a given page .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  return   dictate
truth:  return   studio

test:  write translations translations from a source file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  add a new person entity to the role .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a arrowvisual properties is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  compute theta(t)/ .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  function   grant
truth:  function   power

test:  recursively search for source line .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  given a zip file .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   labeled
truth:  guess   file

test:  returns an or-ed state object given a team .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  save original image to a store .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   documents
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a subscription protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return a dictionary with the preferred language names found in the settings .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns all registered handlers from a given module .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   backported
truth:  return   handlers

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links to use in javascript .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   paste
truth:  stop   containers

test:  generate just the generated events and corrects .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generates   fitnesse
truth:  generates   events

test:  given a path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  returns true if a bound is overlap with respect to the given number of pre-ordering .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  return   ping
truth:  return   bounding

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  creates a cities for an sqlite database .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  returns the documentation for the given content .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  extracts   string
truth:  extracts   texts

test:  decorator for views which is used when instantiating a session .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load an rsa private key from a pem server .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  load   listen
truth:  load   key

test:  get a fallback date .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  format   temperature
truth:  format   date

test:  gets existing html markup from a git command .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  normalize data into list of installable info and correct data .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  password reset form .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  builds a locale for the given locale .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  translates   enhanced
truth:  translates   object

test:  transform a given text .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  color   step
truth:  color   names

test:  returns the clip in a redis clip .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  pulls   execute
truth:  pulls   region

test:  return the string with any forbidden characters .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create a default modulestore instance for this minion instance .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  provides an blackman-harris grover .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  applies   suppose
truth:  applies   algorithm

test:  check if a named service is installed .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  returns a dict for the given cursor as a dict .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  test adding a worker at runtime to a task .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   deallocate
truth:  start   worker

test:  returns a function that returns a sequence of values of a sequence of nodes .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print file to limit entries from tb and return tb .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  returns points for a 2d list of points .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  is   restrict
truth:  is   array

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  recapitalizes   supports
truth:  recapitalizes   text

test:  return a list of the bootstrap sample data .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  samples   eliminates
truth:  samples   elements

test:  find a threshold acts as a list of b_i .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  deletes the milestone data for a given course .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results of the passed command .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  executes   compresses
truth:  executes   statement

test:  test that blacklisted works with bound methods .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  returns true if this user is privileged to access the discussion xblocks .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  map x**m to a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  automatically add user as complete by thread/comment .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a few different functions all admitting admitting admitting and a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  get the version string .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  specialized copy function that will work only on a list of tuples with no other member than a fitness .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  connect to the database; and passes the commands .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  connect   pick
truth:  connect   callback

test:  return a driver type for the given provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  check if user has access to the course with a sufficient action .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  elliptic digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  return the nth moment of the probability distribution positive skew indicates that n is e(x))/sigma)**3 e(x))/sigma)**3 ) .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  return   signals
truth:  return   moment

test:  get the key rotation for a specified key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  resolve a single request to etag .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  merge the given dictionary and interpolates weights and remove weights .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  login to login and params[registration] to login .
truth: login to router . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert the config file to a python object .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  change   unquoting
truth:  change   environment

test:  pushes a new travel .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  try   ellipsoid
truth:  try   pool

test:  returns a string with the format required for a particular color .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  return the contract file location .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  create a new transaction id .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  this function makes sure the default value for api execution .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  return a list of matching prefix names given a relative path .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  pulls   fail
truth:  pulls   virtualenv

test:  decorator to make a function automatically run in a transaction .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  validate that iops .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  process a legend graph for a graph .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  display   publish
truth:  display   graph

test:  parses the canonical string for a articles .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  ensure x .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  boolean   restrict
truth:  boolean   array

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   resample
truth:  list   directories

test:  ensure a parameter value exists .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  retrieves   talking
truth:  retrieves   dict

test:  support for text buffers .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  split   gauss
truth:  split   strings

test:  step with the two images for two images .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  if output is not none .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  used   stripping
truth:  used   step

test:  determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  determine   restricts
truth:  determine   inset

test:  given a context from a referenceproperty and a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  check the conflicting device has been replaced by cmd .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  returns the appropriate get method .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return the number of text in a 1024 .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  a decorator for common property class .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get the status of all available vm images .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  allows a user to view the user .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  ban   allocate
truth:  ban   user

test:  returns databook from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  setup generated index .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  build   regressiont
truth:  build   index

test:  remove spurious rows from geonode .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   monkeypatch
truth:  remove   geonode

test:  get an ip address for a client .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  accepts two 8 template and returns the result .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  renders the test template for any test template .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  changes   lambda
truth:  changes   django

test:  given an expression .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns a dict representing the hypersearch .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  new perspective form .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  determine if the message can be treated because we know what it has mostly .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  returns the string to use for a given image .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  get   mutes
truth:  get   app

test:  get control mode .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get path from begin and radian paths .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return a bool version of the value .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accept the current comment .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  returns an address is a multiindex type .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  this is a proxy function to hide microsite_configuration behind the session and creates a dictionary on pynet-rtr2 .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  passes passes given object against callable .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  asserts   randomise
truth:  asserts   message

test:  return the join tree join in the case .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  apply   paste
truth:  apply   containers

test:  if a table with no twoline marker .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  find the number of trailing 16-bit in a byte order .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  read artemis123 data as raw object .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  object   crop
truth:  object   directory

test:  lae: is x and lae of two arrays .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone and slave for a master .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  helper to get a $home/ that is raises an exception .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 7 .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  call a reactor and run the reactor until it returns a reactor instance .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  return an environment variable bound to each variable bound by replacing its binding with its binding .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  force clear to be read from the template .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  get   datetimes
truth:  get   epoch

test:  checks whether the given string is any of the chars .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  joins a primer into two appropriate align .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  perform   identify
truth:  perform   alignment

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  get the contents of a config file .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  parse   password
truth:  parse   atom

test:  get or set the radial ticklines plot for a plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  create a module actions for the given parent .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  create   querying
truth:  create   actions

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  this is called before the package is is active .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  check whether the given class is a direct class .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  check   safe_octal
truth:  check   class

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  get the minimum strings from a list of strings .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  copy a file descriptor to master function .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  require the templates/project0/ translation object .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  returns a group object for the group .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  wraps a file in an existing clientsecrets .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  create   hash
truth:  create   flow

test:  get info about an installed extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  return square-free decomposition of a square-free polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  helper function to return the valid object .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the length of a prefix .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  construct   decoding
truth:  construct   lists

test:  default literal block depart handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  compute polynomial composition f(g) in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parses results against the qutebrowser category .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  build   mounts
truth:  build   objects

test:  upload an s3 to a file .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  returns the number of elements in the template .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  guess spatial thinning of an image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  make   batched
truth:  make   guess

test:  parses a named character .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   emitting
truth:  parses   character

test:  a helper function to add "value" to the {value} .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  add [boolean arise and first someone entry .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  verifies   expose
truth:  verifies   credentials

test:  counts the number of projects in a template .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  verifies that the existence of the supplied user is valid .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  returns   terminate
truth:  returns   password

test:  for creating a value using the getattr class .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  sets a class or a proxy method .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  adds a new taps module to the taps .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  check that pg that name is actually a valid python string .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  render the final final graph for name or authorization parameters .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  renders   offset
truth:  renders   parameters

test:  list the packages currently installed name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  searches   commit
truth:  searches   repository

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents movement .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   structurize
truth:  determines   kevent

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  returns a string representation of the given color .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file to a ca file using mkstemp() from write the ca file .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   gunzip
truth:  concatenate   certificates

test:  set the specified descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  update   parsefile
truth:  update   descriptor

test:  get the loops for a given aggregate .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   recommended
truth:  remove   art

test:  return an image from its device .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns true if the given constant is using a constant standard deviation .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  task delete page .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  time   activate
truth:  time   delete

test:  computes the coefficient of variation .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  computes   silence
truth:  computes   variation

test:  returns the chi-squared pdf function .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  formats the pairwise kernels of a matrix parameters x : ndarray the non-none dict and return value of the values in list of arrays .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  compute   attributes
truth:  compute   arrays

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  given a list of links .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  return   transfers
truth:  return   plan

test:  create an owner and checks if its dependencies match .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  gets the file from the datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  make the c library and return a ctypes .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  call   initializes
truth:  call   program

test:  handler for azure .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   format_alignment
truth:  pulls   authentication

test:  renders a httpresponse that has rendered or as json .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  render   looping
truth:  render   node

test:  lookup the node as a @string .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  get block device mapping for a given instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  looks up a path of an app .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  transforms   returns
truth:  transforms   something

test:  return an attribute of an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  given a mask .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  delete one inventory from the provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  delete   adjust
truth:  delete   inventory

test:  the configuration that may have changed .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  load the viewfinder dataset and return a dataset class .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  sort a public ip address .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   pulls
truth:  ip   null

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  read a form for a form .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  register api calls for api functions .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  context manager that suppresses the shortest errors .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return the signal matching the process in the given process .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  kill   printed
truth:  kill   pattern

test:  retrieve a users for the given issue .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   batch
truth:  renders   code

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  mean   offset
truth:  mean   parameters

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  get the integer flag after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  skills controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a list of plugins of plugins .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  find   backported
truth:  find   handlers

test:  for dumb .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  round   downgrades
truth:  round   point

test:  verify that an attribute is present and has a non-default value .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   constrain
truth:  verify   attribute

test:  skip the given model if the support activities is dynamic .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  returns the javascript code of a given type .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  context manager that acquires the first encountered in an hdf5 file .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  control   colorized
truth:  control   context

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   unlocking
truth:  given   source

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  close   assigned
truth:  close   room

test:  take the version string and return a versions of the version .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  take   pulls
truth:  take   null

test:  compute a spectral radius for a region .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check to make sure a device is in zenoss .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  matches   stream
truth:  matches   returns

test:  ensure prefix is nested in env .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  prefix   colorized
truth:  prefix   context

test:  rename a files in a container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  rename   satisfy
truth:  rename   container

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  attach a json epics representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   mutate
truth:  attach   column

test:  modify a group parameter group .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  test that initializing a wrong array of values .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the leafs we know about a node .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  get the primary vdi for a vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  retrieves   rollback
truth:  retrieves   vdi

test:  imports an event .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  returns dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  make sleep windows .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  write a gcode linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check the right components of the input weights for weights of weights weights .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  check   rescanning
truth:  check   weights

test:  check if the given metadata is metadata .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  return a :class: .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  save the load data from all returners .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   fake
truth:  write   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   reverses
truth:  list   services

test:  ensure that a user is in a lockable lockable .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  add visited script to rst if it exists .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  adds   optimized
truth:  adds   script

test:  remove the given tree if we are saved .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  return true if the "offset clause is present in g .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  create a default mkdir directory if it does not exist .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  this loads the request processor contents into the global configuration file .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  loads   build
truth:  loads   conf

test:  get fake kex and the kex .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  open an editor -> qaction for a given area .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   crop
truth:  open   directory

test:  n344 - check .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   decorating
truth:  -   log

test:  start a tornado server running server .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  runs   clones
truth:  runs   server

test:  parse the parameter list of parameter parameters .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   switch
truth:  parse   list

test:  returns an int from the page with the given class .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  check if we have peer version .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a how to cudnn cudnn .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  require an reviewer reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  recursively return true if the two human-readable blocks are are are equal .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  compare   multivariate
truth:  compare   blocks

test:  set the user cli example: .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  create a directory .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  check for queue of a queue .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check the current directory .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the user should take a list of incomplete statements and turn it into an incomplete list .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  convert a dictionary containing the pairs into the binary representation .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  builds   fly
truth:  builds   latitude

test:  read a key-value file for a dictionary .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  make sure that headers need to be parsed .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  resolve a packed ip address for the given ip address .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  returns an http cached object .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return a list of all lines from the given lines cli example: .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  tests that the format_as methods of the operation can be saved for de .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a tuple of tuples .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  returns path to test test .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  plots a subplot plot containing a given image .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  copy a transcript from a new transcript .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  renames   labeled
truth:  renames   file

test:  returns integer board ids within a number of ids .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  removes files needed for docker files .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   raising
truth:  removes   docker

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  decorator for marking the channel to render a filldoc .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  appends string_ to the output variable .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  unsets   transliterate
truth:  unsets   variable

test:  generate a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  a view to render a rendered resource variables for any additional options in a single resource .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  closes review request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  returns the text from a document .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  creates pidlockfile scenarios with the given scenarios as children .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  make   mongodb
truth:  make   scenarios

test:  return the nodes of the graph .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  prompt and automatically email .
truth: create a role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  allows a user to follow the follow page .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   allocate
truth:  allows   user

test:  show all help available items .
truth: print help message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  import and return a module if it exists .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  load   exception
truth:  load   macros

test:  return successful binding info .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  combine   assume
truth:  combine   header

test:  find a matching value for the specified key .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  return a network .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a relative url of unique strings .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  measures   itersubclasses
truth:  measures   similarity

test:  dimension a gcode file or text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  feed   supports
truth:  feed   text

test:  get flavor access list by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  returns a base node for the given node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  retrieve   flip
truth:  retrieve   python

test:  city lat page .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  decorator to hack some maximum to a repository .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  twitter sessions are secure .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  make a real-valued function inplace .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  track a event .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  tracks   prioritized
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run indexing on a list of inputs .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  index   mounts
truth:  index   objects

test:  decode hex encoded value .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decode   flattening
truth:  decode   field

test:  returns a list of the list of users that have been list .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  list   deconvolves
truth:  list   level

test:  adds the documentation names to the class .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  generate a random integer with randomly symlink .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  pulls   httperror
truth:  pulls   digit

test:  inject a new coursetalk process into the given course context .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  called when a form is configured .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  called   replaced
truth:  called   digits

test:  run flocker-volume with the given args and exit code .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  execute   instantiate
truth:  execute   arguments

test:  return a tuple of for the current remote host .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  pulls   undo
truth:  pulls   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace declaration_list statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  not to have moved to the top of the function fn .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  extract only dependencies from an iterator of assignments .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  load a proxy implementation .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  writes data to firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  updates media size in media upload .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  beyond -> iterator return the match pattern .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  only preserve an argument is the consumed .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  encapsulates   utf-8
truth:  encapsulates   argument

test:  returns an iterator over the given object in a utc timestamp .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  tar a buffer to a tar tree .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  populate all tasks linked to statuses .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns the overall reciprocity of a graph g .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  creates a tag and returns the output of the given dict of objects representing the objects id .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  fetch   drawing
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  make a testcase with a :class:scatterbuilder tag for the given object .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   enhanced
truth:  make   object

test:  finds all migrations of the migration .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  retrieve a list of the organization for a given db .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  return   associated
truth:  return   listing

test:  queue view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  same as polynomial .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  install out ssh task .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   review
truth:  install   keys

test:  runs an authorized agent .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  expected   inputhook
truth:  expected   sys

test:  redefine this fixture to change the celery worker to a screen .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  quote a literal .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  check that the value is a valid string .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   located
truth:  implements   method

test:  fetch a list of jobs .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  filter   protects
truth:  filter   args

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  update the minimum value of config values .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  function   orthonormalizes
truth:  function   min

test:  a common choose between reverse .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  pulls   wrap
truth:  pulls   defaultdict

test:  load social auth current user data to context .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns an musicbrainzngs or limit" depending on the given string .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  cache the function or cache results for each argument .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  put a long to be passed to the output of the function .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  notebook a html base64-encoded view function for html documents in a javascript spanning the html page .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  return   digs
truth:  return   html

test:  returns a dict that has messages out of the translation .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sort   randomise
truth:  sort   message

test:  find a file by looking for files .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  called by an item in the database .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  scale image to specified width and height .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  determine if a file exists inside the specified directory .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  destroys the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for the files .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   inquire
truth:  initialize   tool

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  run openpyxl in default mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  return true if the number of events are present in the network .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  start   igor
truth:  start   device

test:  format the firewall for the firewall commands .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a dictionary of duplicate definitions into a dictionary .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  get the region for elastic mapreduce in the given region .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  updates routes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  patch   grouping
truth:  patch   system

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  this handler provides a task for ticket .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  return a time in usec since a timezone aware datetime .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  converts code into us-ascii or unicode string .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  yaml: rundeck this plugin introduces a build step for the build .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   homebrew_packages
truth:  traverse   structure

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  detach   alignment
truth:  detach   section

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  a decorator that will add the copied to an existing class .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  run a remote shell command in a shell .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the standard team from a team .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  format a number as a string .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  return the value for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  iterate over all locations in format .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  complete   assign
truth:  complete   requests

test:  generates a user-agent suitable for the given user id .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  release a fake figure .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return cssname for the group sname tensor .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a regular search of length "package" .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  search   binds
truth:  search   dna

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  check   trim
truth:  check   support

test:  get a traffic list of promo belonging to this utility function .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  add a nick to a target table .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  given a string value c from the given beautifulsoup .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  clone   bench
truth:  clone   value

test:  return info about all beaconsd devices cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  main section of the git .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  run   flip
truth:  run   python

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_photo service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  activate jquery directories to enable jquery .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  step 2 .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  given a number of lines to be cast to rows .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   weblate
truth:  remove   references

test:  replace metadata with metadata at a given path .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  return a dict object from the given string .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  create a new account from the account .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  call   drops
truth:  call   call

test:  runs projections on a list of national values .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  converts   r^2
truth:  converts   form

test:  callback for key=value ports which will be updated by the given hue .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  ensure that a string is present in being always returns none .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  like fine prompt .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the first pending counts .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  given a single closed issues given a list of issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  checks   augments
truth:  checks   issues

test:  data: output with an array of strings .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send usage information to request class .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  clone a managed zone to a snapshot .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  install   start
truth:  install   zone

test:  checks api microversions and returns whether test needs to be used and configured microversion .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  select   carry
truth:  select   test

test:  parse the given plain text and *val* *val* .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   utf-8
truth:  parse   argument

test:  this method is called every password_reset .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  mark   escapes
truth:  mark   student

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  attempts to run a test .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  assumes   pulls
truth:  assumes   null

test:  formats a human readable tokens or a nice string to format .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  outputs an expires header for delta from a delta .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   assume
truth:  outputs   header

test:  call signature:: differential equation .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make an expression with jquery jquery numbers .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  return   introduce
truth:  return   l

test:  get a list of example additional parameters may be passed .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  list   offset
truth:  list   parameters

test:  ajax tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  hide   bypassing
truth:  hide   tweet

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  require   resorts
truth:  require   python2

test:  list the names of a folder .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return a unifrac row from a unifrac-like .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  write the cluster tag read from file .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  concatenate an array of observations along the given events .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  concatenate   decoding
truth:  concatenate   lists

test:  checks that the absolute value is a valid vector .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get the control points .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  opengl opengl configuration options .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  -   fake
truth:  -   load

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  stretch a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  temperature   del
truth:  temperature   gcode

test:  invert a list of indices in the same order as follows:: .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  pulls   reverse
truth:  pulls   permutation

test:  check that the tpot header is scenarios .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  make   break
truth:  make   operations

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  replaces apostrophe character with concat_ws(mid(char(0) .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  appends   show
truth:  appends   notes

test:  example of the ipython extension .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  load   issue
truth:  load   ipython

test:  return the transifex backend name .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  serve the mogilefs for the given file .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  called   allocate
truth:  called   user

test:  ensure that float ordinals dont contain zero .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  add an entry to the request .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  mark   knapsack
truth:  mark   request

test:  converts a tag value to a byte field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  return   decimate
truth:  return   constructor

test:  extract request data from a dict and create a tuple containing request data for consumption client context .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  parse   producing
truth:  parse   certificate

test:  setup the restful crud .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  returns a node containing the banned dependencies for a given package .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  add   extract
truth:  add   version

test:  dimitem : dimitem integer | testlist_multi .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  parse a python bytestring .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   scop
truth:  returns   token

test:  return a is_default is_default from an old object .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  detect   exposes
truth:  detect   values

test:  only return if tounicode is utf-8 encoded .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  computes log of a function .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  check that instance .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  convert an image to a valid numeric array .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  chop   pulls
truth:  chop   null

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  mysql uses disallow header with one instruction header .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  delete a demo demo collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   reallocation
truth:  loads   collection

test:  this function performs a cookie by setting it to booleans .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  breaks   modbus
truth:  breaks   cookie

test:  returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return a tracker scale for a given pixscale .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   capitalize
truth:  convert   distances

test:  only load if the npm module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  list key policies associated with the specified key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return compactionstats .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  get the keys or inspect class from the repository that are always end with the same name .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  decorator used to create a function that extracts a gating gating .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a metric dictionary for each metric .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  initialize   reads
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  returns true if the given method has a given method name .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  export export component for a component .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  repairs   responds
truth:  repairs   database

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  convert a hex string to a tuple .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   flow
truth:  convert   fields

test:  generate a git command string .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   authorizes
truth:  generates   command

test:  take a dictionary of output as json .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  extract   aliased
truth:  extract   json

test:  convert any conflict keys in schemas into schemas .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  deletes multiple nested files .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   sleep
truth:  delete   files

test:  get a network state .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  build a lazy operation for the given operation .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  schedule   reported
truth:  schedule   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   convert
truth:  merges   sequences

test:  add a text to the beginning of a block of text .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  add   taken
truth:  add   beginning

test:  the user should call an xml string .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  scales an activity for matching changes as json .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   lbrace
truth:  returns   activity

test:  create a servicepair that uses local test cases .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  suggest agent to determine whether a path is present .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  iterates over a nested sequence of arrays .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set a key/value pair in sqlite3 .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  pulls   syncing
truth:  pulls   hermite

test:  display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   reloads
truth:  display   amount

test:  build an api url for a string .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  generate   cloning
truth:  generate   github

test:  return the first derivative of f .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  increments the directory to be valid .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  copy a file to the selected path .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copy   wanted
truth:  copy   filename

test:  converts any lists into boolean values .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  determine   restrict
truth:  determine   array

test:  transform the value into a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  push   uncheck
truth:  push   element

test:  rarefaction the acoustid connection to the acoustid server .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  get   specified
truth:  get   fingerprint

test:  plan may contain a the new block rechunk .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  plan   pulls
truth:  plan   null

test:  create a role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  returns the file paths to search for .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  create a dict from a complete listener .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   talking
truth:  convert   dict

test:  json-encodes the given html .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  a rx_msgs decorator to set a service to a target via seconds .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  concatenate   default
truth:  concatenate   part

test:  returns a globally multiple helper for a given number of popen .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the normalized (q) .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  this module to get packages on a package .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  returns link to weblate url .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  returns   compile
truth:  returns   documentation

test:  pretty-format the given query .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  apply   support
truth:  apply   time

test:  return a list of courses courses for a single user .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   disconnect
truth:  returns   courses

test:  compute consecutive sdm from integer g .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  compute   r^2
truth:  compute   form

test:  retrieves the query in a sql query .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  perform   xlsx
truth:  perform   query

test:  filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   mounts
truth:  filters   objects

test:  sleep for running system .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  sleep   grouping
truth:  sleep   system

test:  install the latest version of pip_ .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  install   trim
truth:  install   support

test:  returns the attributes from the given node .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  function   defines
truth:  function   attributes

test:  return a string describing an instances state .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  install pyenv if pyenv .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   embedded
truth:  install   example

test:  import the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configures   unquoting
truth:  configures   environment

test:  interpolate bads properties from cross channel channels .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  test to instructor a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  test indexing are not split .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  return a dictionary describing the given axis from the given axis .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compute a dictionary of global features for training using a given model .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  apply   pushing
truth:  apply   model

test:  ensure that we can compile matching me .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the colormap of an image .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  returns true if the diffopcodegenerator queue is none from the queue .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  analyze   thrusting
truth:  analyze   space

test:  pitem the message to the log file using the expr .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  convert text into a dns rdata class value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  convert   initalizes
truth:  convert   dns

test:  given an object .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  checks   resets
truth:  checks   beautifulsoup

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   slave_open
truth:  create   media

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  pulls   activate
truth:  pulls   delete

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist or has it .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   indexes
truth:  destroy   snapshot

test:  check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has the data .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  validate that the value is a valid servicetype type .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  verify   requesting
truth:  verify   i

test:  custom decorator for sphinx extension .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  or in serial and return a datetimes timestamp .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  helper method that returns a url for a value that returns a message .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  validate   access
truth:  validate   url

test:  default widget page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  this is called only when the domain starts "cold" .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   crack
truth:  install   _

test:  check to make sure the default plot matches the input data .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  the error code is returned in the last argument .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   batch
truth:  error   code

test:  while this sort list and fill them out of taxa .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  sorts   pulls
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load data from word2vec file .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  loads   carve
truth:  loads   word

test:  extract requests from the given contactperson requests into requests or registration or registration .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  extract   offset
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  returns a base cases in a list of test case .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  return   reflect
truth:  return   testcase

test:  return a list of vms on opennebula .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  return the currently active compressor .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  returns   removes
truth:  returns   gzip

test:  load the data for a sparse dataset .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  scenario description takes a line and filename .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  converts content to string .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  find a file name from the system .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  tests whether sparsedataset can work with pytables .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  fixture to return a valid template tag for a test .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  url   storing
truth:  url   template

test:  remove a css class from css classes .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   safe_octal
truth:  remove   class

test:  function that ignores unicode characters in unicode strings .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   pauses
truth:  function   printing

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  check isolation forest for various parameter settings .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  add hosts for the the aggregates .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   bundled
truth:  add   aggregate

test:  update the configuration options for the given plugin .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  make sure that all whitespace have been downloaded .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  make   comma
truth:  make   whitespace

test:  add a resource event to the defined resource .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  enable   belong
truth:  enable   hook

test:  parse a key/value pair given a dictionary .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  saves an image to disk .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  saves   restrict
truth:  saves   array

test:  chomp commit .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode data as a json string .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   negate
truth:  decode   resource

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  gets the source script contents to a temporary script .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  source   optimized
truth:  source   script

test:  return the url based on a prefix and a prefix .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  join   manage
truth:  join   fragment

test:  combine two hemi .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  gives   coordinates
truth:  gives   exploration

test:  click a html component with the specified menu .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  normalize an encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   stores
truth:  normalize   name

test:  create a wrong .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  parses links for a glob list of links .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  leave   saves
truth:  leave   links

test:  add the workers .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   flattening
truth:  add   field

test:  make sure the user is down to do not change .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  returns   mean
truth:  returns   elasticsearch

test:  returns a boolean from the given iterable .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  this is an {percentage: .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  decorator that functions that are allowed results in the returned function .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  caches   dispatched
truth:  caches   calls

test:  compute the image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  a simple view that returns the license license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  pulls   count
truth:  pulls   lms

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   dereference
truth:  returns   width

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  compute the surface of a bit .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  returns a random integer value in a form that is 1 .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  tests file ceased are marked as residuals .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  make a ctypes generator for the user functions .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  run a test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  escape a number of two-element illegal characters in xml .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  create a mongodb user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  compare the replication status in the given role .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  extract the contents of the token as a string .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  return   autoencoder
truth:  return   xml

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  decides whether there is a remote platform platform for the given file .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  choose the most recent yield .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  calls   branching
truth:  calls   progress

test:  converts data types to default format .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  maps   destroy
truth:  maps   dtype

test:  set an explicit audio output device identifier .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   flattens
truth:  configures   output

test:  show a section on the local analytics data .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  the score of the input data .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  regularized   filesize
truth:  regularized   derivative

test:  attempts to expand a column according to a list of two-tuples .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  parse a backup file .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the list of cover art associated with the given request .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  get   pressing
truth:  get   cover

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  convert a delimited tree to a treesegment .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  update supported_locales for a github api .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  find   lowess
truth:  find   tomcat

test:  returns a type for a given object .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  validate that the configuration variables in the config dictionary .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  test overlapping multi-word phrases .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  open a persistent dictionary for web browser .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  exists   retrying
truth:  exists   compatibility

test:  return the endpoint of a given aliyun type .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  factory function to convert current time to a time object .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  calls   safe_octal
truth:  calls   class

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  only run all available co2 files .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  init   format
truth:  init   parameter

test:  asserts the text of an element matching the specified path matches the specified regular expression .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   supports
truth:  asserts   text

test:  return the version of the named version .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  for each block of the mapping tp .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  given   multivariate
truth:  given   blocks

test:  html document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   lets
truth:  document   handler

test:  set the stubs that will be used for saving or more estimator .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  set   currents
truth:  set   state

test:  returns the list of credit requests for a user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  make a yaml formatted yaml representation of a file .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  create a new blockdevicevolume with a dataset_id derived from the given blockdevice_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return the independent kb for the triangle of the principal truth and seq_possibilities .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  allows you to serialize some fields in the database .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  retrieve   shared
truth:  retrieve   string

test:  error checking for routines that return strings .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  angle a single iteration for each rate limiting .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns the given string if a valid filename is a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return an votes generated by c .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  build an error error message based on the celery style .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  returns root urls for a given image .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  returns a list of all the images that have been product on the given product .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  return the current time as a dictionary of sample time .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  convert   digs
truth:  convert   html

test:  get ordered loop after loops from nested rings .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  run an executable command .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  password password page .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  change   bring
truth:  change   page

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   enhanced
truth:  import   object

test:  return the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  project source estimate of difference between all steps in r .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  produce   offset
truth:  produce   parameters

test:  fork a process .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the number of line at vertically and end .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution uses rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  return a search-and-replace for the cluster .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert an image to a numpy array .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   host
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the timeout has been updated with an interval .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  a context manager that yields a secret field defined at runtime .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns a list of all exploration summaries for this exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read from the books data for enter .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  dump all the django-storage-swift function to a daemon .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  is   coupling
truth:  is   target

test:  when the inline curve is added to the equity class on the page of the page .
truth: args: all_holdings : 账号资金历史。 returns: pd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  log a message with severity exception on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  factory to create a unifrac-like file .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of job ids from the group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  read a single filename into an input .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  reads   prettyprint
truth:  reads   examples

test:  list the tablespace of a tablespace .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  safely delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  write a double-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  this is used to parse the csv file for lx files .
truth: main function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  remove the given html and b from a string of binary comment .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  read a string from the current buffer and it .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  reads   hacked
truth:  reads   buffer

test:  setup a set of samples for a jwt axes .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  pulls   socket
truth:  pulls   projection

test:  create a dict of keys from a tree .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  for some from a precedence item -> 1 .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test using a numerically stable reference sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  test   localize
truth:  test   reference

test:  return default deadline for credit deadline .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  send out osf auth .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   given
truth:  view   register

test:  find a search by name .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  extract the full config name from a device name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  get the joined file path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  undo the logging system .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  undoes   demonstrates
truth:  undoes   setup

test:  api: send a test to notification output .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  get the default values of the server .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  manages the communication between this account and *y* the queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  format regression for regression model .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  yaml: critical translate the build to the critical log .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  for the given transport file .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  create two matrices .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  taken   contributed
truth:  taken   t

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  try to perform info that will try to find out if way is not found .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  gets   r^2
truth:  gets   form

test:  returns a utc key which is descending with the given key .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  ignore if the key exists in the sequenceable list of data .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  rebuild the schedule rebuild .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  try   indices
truth:  try   kb

test:  cache a list of translations .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  cache   mounts
truth:  cache   objects

test:  add a new course in the database .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   catch
truth:  create   course

test:  return the home directory if path exists .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  gets public ip details .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  download and print stats to a specified file .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a iterator .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  perform any appropriate recursive .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  downloads   inform
truth:  downloads   entry

test:  return the location of the function .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  return a connections to a multiple downloads_series .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  return a dict of srs -> list of srs .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  takes   mignotte
truth:  takes   things

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   assume
truth:  adds   header

test:  helper function that converts enrollments into a paste window .
truth: return a window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  inverse of computation .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  performs   plugin
truth:  performs   division

test:  decorator to support limited functionality for api functions .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return a list of all files on the master .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  send s command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  solves linear linear 2eq .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  print all the help files and prints a sorted list of width .
truth: print this help . 
test:  print   xfail
truth:  print   help

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  get a storage instance for configuration file arguments: name : the name of the plugin plugin to store .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  find   decimals
truth:  find   storage

test:  resolves the argument to an ssl version .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns a carrier code that matches either a phone number or a phonenumber object .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  compute an profile with profile and creates a simple row and optionally signed up with profile .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  profiling   accessing
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote portage characters representing the c structure of a given argument .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  generate an instance of given data .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  return   fragment
truth:  return   report

test:  create a directory for the given directory .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  a generator for creating a parametrized object .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  shows an xml tree object with the given triplets .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  returns a reference to a repository reference .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  retrieve   pushing
truth:  retrieve   model

test:  multiple values from a validator .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  delete one or more model instances .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  return a group of the linear sequence .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  stop the configuration and restart all activities .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  replace backslash with xxx to prevent syntax matching .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  trailing   determines
truth:  trailing   indexing

test:  configure the cluster certificates for a cluster .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   request
truth:  configure   control

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  get all requests that are configured by a given request .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  get elementnodeobject .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  calculate and return messages from a http group .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  strips   pulls
truth:  strips   null

test:  returns the current timestamp .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  deletes a route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   astring
truth:  deletes   route

test:  return a list of exercises that the user is completed in .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  generate mongo application name from the image .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  parameters fn : array .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  create a network security rule .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  generate array of sample matrix from a lag .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  assumes   support
truth:  assumes   time

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   reported
truth:  patches   function

test:  return a list of the given resource .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  general run function for listing .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  calculate   format
truth:  calculate   parameter

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  return a num_perms string .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  returns the neutron configuration options .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a users home directory .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  add a search for an artist .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  input   visualize
truth:  input   artist

test:  init configuration and create a relevant rules file and return a configparser instance according to the relevant configuration .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   encapsulate
truth:  init   instance

test:  tests datetimes are left intact intact .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  gets the list of inner objects of the type specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  filters interfaces and returns a list of interfaces .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  provide   talking
truth:  provide   dict

test:  wrap a user to read only accept api .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  format given power as int .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  gets the list of dupe in the database .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  removes   lcmv
truth:  removes   models

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   publish
truth:  write   graph

test:  set fullscreen video chroma and retrieve .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  reload the global ui routes .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  routes   undoes
truth:  routes   routes

test:  custom movie .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  writes   assemble
truth:  writes   movie

test:  normal gaussian fourier assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  difference of linear operators .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  divide   looking
truth:  divide   operator

test:  takes a network and returns the values of the network .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  return a dictionary with constant fields attached to clicks and randomly generated by length .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a temporary directory .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  returns the mckean-schrader product on the log adjacency .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field }} .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  join -> string return a string composed of the string arr in string .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  convert obj to encodable .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  build a short .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   restrict
truth:  scharr   array

test:  try to match an instance options in a specific vpc id .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  finds   enhanced
truth:  finds   object

test:  kegg link - outside identifiers - called when identifiers or database is enum .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  link   consisting
truth:  link   link

test:  update the backend to be the server fileserver : base the salt fileserver backend to use to use to update the salt fileserver fileserver .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  returns the function which direct the given function in the given list .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  require a pylint configuration .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  require   handles
truth:  require   site

test:  call func with the given arguments .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  checks that a file exists and is a valid path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  update the packet .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  setup the plugin .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  setup   attempt
truth:  setup   extension

test:  test reading a column header .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  timestamp from the slightly .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  list of message sizes for a given client .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  list and create a list of the keys available for the user .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  function   review
truth:  function   keys

test:  return a list of supported file names for the given formats .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  list   choice
truth:  list   formats

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  avoid breaking before anything .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   timing
truth:  return   spaces

test:  transforms a n-d .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  view that logs out the user and redirects to home page .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  for testfiles construction residual .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  automatically creates a list of messages from a single field which has created during the given 'id .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create a logger for the given object .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of 2 images in the grid .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  calls client .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  print a single sysctl identified by a function .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  push a push into the null character .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  push   integrityerror
truth:  push   repositories

test:  returns true if the user has access to a particular forum for the given course access permissions .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  boolean   colored
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  return path to correct module version .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  poll the given backup to a tar file for a tar .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  tars   sleep
truth:  tars   files

test:  reshape iterator to nested def given sequence .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  unpack   confirmed
truth:  unpack   length

test:  tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception type wrapper .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  find all of the python docstring .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  returns true if the url is a valid redirection .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  filter relative path to allow relative to shared grains .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  pulls   encode
truth:  pulls   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get all foreign belonging to a topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   based
truth:  remove   address

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  retrieve the incoming rate from the incoming .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   formatted
truth:  get   rate

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parses a ancient function function .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  renders the specified avatar context for a particular user .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  render   generate
truth:  render   users

test:  if a command is an os .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  match   reported
truth:  match   function

test:  converts the compiler macros back into a reader .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  expand   reset
truth:  expand   reader

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  setup the connection information from the reason .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  attach a queryset of queryset counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   downgrades
truth:  attach   point

test:  returns the pid for a process instance .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  private method for contrast this function is very indices parameters effect : array-like indices returns contr : array of tensor .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  add vertex element to an xml element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  onpick sensor plots against a single figure .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  callback   overrides
truth:  callback   channel

test:  check that it split the root mean squared decides if it is congruent .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  avoid saving the logging level for all spent loggers to the same logging as this module .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  sets a file descriptors within the user .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  get transformed path of xml element .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  check to see if a instance profile exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a length of a phone code object .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  delete one or more config lines .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  setup the variable[conf sensor .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  accepts a json string and a new instance of whole documents .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  cached   aliased
truth:  cached   json

test:  solves order order order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  parses a generator for a simple generator .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  parse   unescapes
truth:  parse   rule

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  the parent widget is one with at least two nodes in the list .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  insert   pulls
truth:  insert   null

test:  validate single tunnel config .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  make sure that a map ip address is ignored .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  remove   instructs
truth:  remove   loopback

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   interpret
truth:  return   dashboard

test:  checks the current versions version matches the greater than the visible .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  require   extract
truth:  require   version

test:  enable the given context .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  return the virt type .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  returns whether the given id is valid .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  either return date or datetime object .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  turn   enhanced
truth:  turn   object

test:  print a a tagged with tagged parameter .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  attaches   bench
truth:  attaches   value

test:  adds a due operation on a due to the given tile .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   expect
truth:  add   body

test:  list contents of a queues in a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  return   customized
truth:  return   salt

test:  get the signature signature from a filename .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  decode   restoring
truth:  decode   data

test:  returns the path to the directory of an installed dir .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  returns   disconnects
truth:  returns   dir

test:  get the geometry tools directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns an iterator over a sequence of nodes .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a random sentence-like string .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  returns   supported
truth:  returns   paragraph

test:  returns true if the current user has permission to perform the permission .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  a decorator for wrapping a cache machine? .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  find the json assuming of a and b are present in a list of two numbers .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  construct an integer x .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  returns   downgrades
truth:  returns   point

test:  convert from a list of topics to a configuration object .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  idlist : idlist | ruleitem | ruleitem | ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  testing that the load output load a successful unicode names and outputs it is stopped through the hadoop names .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  dummy view for setting an http healthz request .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  pulls   spawns
truth:  pulls   endpoint

test:  generate a sequence of sequences for a file .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  that this function is called from the cloud cloud jedi .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns file path for a given file .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return the unicode representation of the object .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  return directory of given directory .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns prioritized data from dbms specific 383: display_name .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a dict of products of the given queryset .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  restrict   waveform
truth:  restrict   products

test:  decorator to set the decorated method as an attribute of a method .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  pulls   defines
truth:  pulls   attributes

test:  for a template .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  change cart code submitted .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  load email containing email .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  a decorator that makes a layer number from an layer to the given layer .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  pulls   initialise
truth:  pulls   layers

test:  a custom method for the right conditional entry .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse permutates from given snmp object .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test the structs for the erfa column .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decode an object of the given password and type .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  decode   stores
truth:  decode   name

test:  decorator to create a task class out of a task .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  generate circle_id coefficients of given aligned .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   optimize
truth:  check   quotas

test:  print all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   exposes
truth:  print   values

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  create a transaction manager .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  build an exception data from the specified instance .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  removes   post_save
truth:  removes   metadata

test:  return an matrix from a single comment .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  extend   contructs
truth:  extend   sample

test:  get the taxmodule and end of the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists and is valid .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  delete a worker entry for the given line: .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  print out bold .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  make the package app .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  build   corresponding
truth:  build   wheel

test:  updates the portage database cli example: .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  scenarios have hashes with inline comments and inline comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  pulls   unroll
truth:  pulls   steps

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  split the path components into .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  constructs a timestamp for a c{datetime .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  formats   childnodes
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  when given response and log requests are set correctly .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  make   gauss
truth:  make   strings

test:  return an cancellation dict with information for an actionexecution .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  request   decrease
truth:  request   action

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  runs the reactor and return its output as a recursive .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  rewrite the user specified in conventions .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  rewrites   allocate
truth:  rewrites   user

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  tests that in-db and that translation translation correctly .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   capitalizes
truth:  tests   revision

test:  returns the parsed tag contents .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  determine   labeled
truth:  determine   file

test:  main the sample for the sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  pulls   contructs
truth:  pulls   sample

test:  restores a list of nesting keys from a dictionary of key-value pairs .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make sure the shell list work in env .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  clone the given expression structure .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   homebrew_packages
truth:  clone   structure

test:  generate the theme for the given theme .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   sampled
truth:  generate   footer

test:  const_map_item : arrays | newline .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller for whitelisting senders .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a installed distribution object for a requirement or string .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  copy data struct struct from src to dst .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  returns a binary digest for the pbkdf2 hash algorithm of data with the given salt .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  return the number of valid tuples based on the given individual and the requested target .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  train a file-like object using scatterplot .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  read   extract_array
truth:  read   tf

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   alignment
truth:  retrieve   section

test:  parses iso 8601 dates in matroskas format yyyy-mm-dd .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  context manager for creating a file .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  apply a nested to the larger .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  return   interfacing
truth:  return   axes

test:  clears accumulated nodes and adds multiple documents in the given document .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  removes   eliminates
truth:  removes   elements

test:  compute the linear kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  lazy init command for the specified init init .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  detect   initializes
truth:  detect   program

test:  compute the kkt .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  always return true cli example: .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  run an interface interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  interfaces   offset
truth:  interfaces   parameters

test:  compute an surface diff for a surface .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  convert from second .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  convert between doc values to markdown .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  unregister an operator operator only run once .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  resets   trending
truth:  resets   driver

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  returns if a function is monotonic or if we are monotonic .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  performs binary search on a list of tuples .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  encrypts a sequence of command-line arguments to the given page or iterable .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  writes   storing
truth:  writes   template

test:  check that the example of the postponed horizons way and see what the incoming altaz .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  concatenated rectified linear unit function .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  end the xml element to a path .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  pulls   autoencoder
truth:  pulls   xml

test:  updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /static/ .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  perform the setup for vera controller devices .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  perform   travel
truth:  perform   vera

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   carve
truth:  push   word

test:  test rfc1123 a small div to dt .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  test   evacuate
truth:  test   precision

test:  get the default column value for a given type .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  retrieve roles from marathon .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  get the outline from the loop .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  flattens a dict into a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  resolve a version string to a python version .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  resolve   extract
truth:  resolve   version

test:  loops through a review request .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  displays   reorders
truth:  displays   screenshot

test:  adds an interval to the value .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  gets a form field for a memcache .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  retrieve   unmarshalling
truth:  retrieve   sizes

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  convert a users user name to a uid .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  generates a trailing url for a file .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  translates processed_list information in xkcd format to the given xkcd .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  load a trained file from filename .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  this function does a reverse search in a the underlying .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  iterator   packed
truth:  iterator   chunks

test:  returns the version of the stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  guess the method names for the given vname .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restores a dict of githubsession#build_url configuration changes .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  create directory trees for interacting with default permissions .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  pull out an integer .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  converts a sparse matrix slave_open .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  evaluate   username
truth:  evaluate   calculation

test:  given an object .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  runs a command in a subshell .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  import a library library name .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  the highstate doesnt have been supported on their english or more utilities .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the name of a file .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  load a file and return a single random filemetadata .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the partitions of a disk image .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  fix the value of a boolean .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  fix   analyzes
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator to iterate over the given length .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  locate a module name from a text file .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  gets a campaign feed for the given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  returns for a given distribution .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  calculate   threshold
truth:  calculate   distribution

test:  mark all usage: handles which it contains .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  return path component of paths .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target ignoring nodes .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a local node .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  convert an image to a libvirt volume .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  execute a strategic file lookup within the callable template .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  locate   storing
truth:  locate   template

test:  a test if an url is a url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  item add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get the cli tokens from the given arg .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  tokens   dtype
truth:  tokens   arg

test:  print a string with a elements of a tokens .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  direct object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  trim any file to a list of normalized path .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  eliminates   pulls
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  returns a functions for a given function .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  adds an atomic atomic group .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  enables   pulls
truth:  enables   null

test:  test whether a bootstrap/jackknife has a diagram of the command .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  output   flask
truth:  output   times

test:  features string tags are set correctly .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  applied   handle
truth:  applied   features

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   unescapes
truth:  apply   rule

test:  appends a command to the table .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  generate a random integer from the given distribution .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  create   renders
truth:  create   series

test:  delete an related resource .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  connect to the given socket and port and port the socket pair .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  power the install and check the supplied vm power cli example: .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  helper function to update an existing trace or false .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   applied
truth:  update   trace

test:  rate a comment to send additional headers to a specific response .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  create an webpack containing webpack .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  filter   hits
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  provides the usage with the usage title .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  returns a random value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  run a shell command and get its output .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  runs   attriute
truth:  runs   stdout

test:  convert the config file for json data .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  takes   freezing
truth:  takes   configuration

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  carves up a mime_type and returns a tuple of all the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media mime type .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  this is called every available - called on the server .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  clear the total number of environment variables .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  discard   added
truth:  discard   p

test:  create a angular-gettext class by removing extension .
truth: remove " . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  check to see if given stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  check   takes
truth:  check   stream

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  print print print nicely .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the release file data source of the current linux distribution data source of the current linux distribution data .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  verify a public webhook signature .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  run interactive interactive python process .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  open   insert
truth:  open   targets

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  this function takes a string and returns a regexp object and some readable flags .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  function   shared
truth:  function   string

test:  currently executing connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  construct a version 2 ipv6 header with custom bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  utility function to generate an output .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  split the first column of the first word into a list of images .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  filters out the urls contained in the json page .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  given   pass
truth:  given   document

test:  file descriptor for find_goroutine file descriptor .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  sync   restoring
truth:  sync   data

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  weighted   pulls
truth:  weighted   null

test:  handle clicks on basket .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  this is a view that raises an exception .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  check   propagates
truth:  check   qurl

test:  create a dictionary of lines read from a string .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  extract   optdict
truth:  extract   lines

test:  read a gif graph for a file .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   labeled
truth:  decode   file

test:  converts an object to a subclass of unknown .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return the minimum radius of the graph .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   rewrite
truth:  return   radius

test:  updates the ccxcon .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  pass   reported
truth:  pass   function

test:  retrieve a capabilities object for the given resource .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  return the list of cpus .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  take a class of text into the current python dict .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  create composite image by blending images using a transparency mask .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  create   blend
truth:  create   mask

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  creates a new port for accessing port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  creates   deserialized
truth:  creates   bridge

test:  store the language data in the session .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  process   stretch
truth:  process   language

test:  generates an image id for a dictionary of 2-element id .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   talking
truth:  generate   dict

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  remove invalid characters from the given string .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   block
truth:  remove   chars

test:  returns a getter string .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  construct a single if-modified-since header in the word2vec .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  validate a google cloud storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   decimals
truth:  validate   storage

test:  remove invalid xml encoding and modified content into the xml content .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  attempts   pulls
truth:  attempts   null

test:  generate and generate a secret key for the given secret .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return an empty field .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  try to parse out the progress from a string .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  pull   uploading
truth:  pull   job

test:  declaration_specifiers : storage_class_specifier declaration_specifiers .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  a decorator to skip a serial port .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   receives
truth:  close   port

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  returns utf-8 representation of the supplied 8-bit string .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  decode   flip
truth:  decode   python

test:  get information about last version cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get all instance faults for a given instance_uuids .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  create a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  format the current time .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  template   hits
truth:  template   filter

test:  handle a sigterm .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  puts   vms
truth:  puts   thread

test:  send a hup to service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reverses
truth:  pulls   services

test:  check if we have peer access to this module .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  overwriting the cmd python module makes debugging modules with pdb a bit harder so lets do it this way instead .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  provides   mocked
truth:  provides   runner

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   clustered
truth:  solves   equations

test:  stores a list of estimator as dictionaries .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  a decorator marking the decorated function as of the method .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  wraps   float
truth:  wraps   decorator

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  remove a blanks and all its children .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   eliminates
truth:  remove   elements

test:  returns the master service .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   init
truth:  returns   modules

test:  render a resource .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  check if a repository has any write access to a repository .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  tokenid : token | qliteral | code | prec .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  uses values to convert a binary image to a specific mask .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  reduce   prepopulates
truth:  reduce   bits

test:  return a warning object initializing its iterator or xml .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  decorator factory for views that tries to be a view of user .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  loop through line loading .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if the given version isnt greater than a given version .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  create sphinx extension from sphinx .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  wrapped   stays
truth:  wrapped   sphinx

test:  check if all the power types are in the provided template .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  add a new cli commands to the externally user .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  pulls   decrease
truth:  pulls   action

test:  convert an integer and e to complex .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  check that all file that are present .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test mne positive option .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   localize
truth:  find   reference

test:  gets a list of all network interfaces and their time interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  gives   switch
truth:  gives   list

test:  implement a dedicated api call .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  execute   pts
truth:  execute   rpc

test:  creates an instance of the course with the specified names and recursively .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  generate   aliased
truth:  generate   json

test:  construct a calendar object that matches the given calendar .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  return   dissassociates
truth:  return   levels

test:  create color color at a given distance .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  check if a transform is same .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   divides
truth:  return   matrices

test:  connect to aws route 53 service .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   listens
truth:  connect   amazon

test:  return the linear transformation of y by shape or x by y when one or both of the files and y are both .
truth: compute dot . 
test:  compute   boot
truth:  compute   dot

test:  redirects the user to main redirect .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  redirect   bring
truth:  redirect   page

test:  get the json optional: map .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  return   sanitize
truth:  return   libraries

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  check if the autocorrelation at the given interval .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  generate a test manager that calls the underlying function to be used in the uri to generate .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  take an absolute absolute absolute absolute .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a template from a template file into a tree .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   deconvolves
truth:  parse   level

test:  convert a datetime object to a timestamp .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  lists all providers providers .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   temperature
truth:  converts   date

test:  return true if path is a python module/package .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   define
truth:  is   path

test:  test mapreduce .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   blacklisted
truth:  test   attachments

test:  clears the search index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the request object from the request if it exists or not .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  sort a key that returns a key reference as a string .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  sort   reported
truth:  sort   function

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  get unified output .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a random string .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  sets the attributes for the test set as cipher .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  pass   defines
truth:  pass   attributes

test:  create an exception for the db .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  ico -> str ico .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  pulls   splitting
truth:  pulls   surface

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   figure
truth:  test   inputs

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a collection .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  simplified interface .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  setup gpmdp .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  test decorator for notify data from a series of inputs .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the regular python code for a contract .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  contract   pulls
truth:  contract   null

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  find all files in source/* .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  helper for use when the process is complete .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  equalize   sparks
truth:  equalize   number

test:  extract the operating operating operating system path from a container .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  get the precedence state for a given job id .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  construct an absolute path to a list of absolute paths .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing object to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  only return if all the modules are available .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  turn any pending off .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  update websites update .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return intersect as a list of the items of intersect items .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  check if course mode is expired and can be valid .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  split a string into a number of files .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the itunes platform .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  decorator to make a test if we are running as coverage blas .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  writes a message to a file .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  decorate   pulls
truth:  decorate   null

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  remove a single file .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   printed
truth:  remove   pattern

test:  return the type of the preceding .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  generate   reconstructs
truth:  generate   ndarray

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return image properties for image properties .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  sets   backup
truth:  sets   properties

test:  using the renderer renderer_name .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  using   challenges
truth:  using   renderer

test:  return true if any element of the sequence satisfies true .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  start the current site with the current request .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  only load the module if the kernel is supported .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  only parse a sysctl command line .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  expects   authorizes
truth:  expects   command

test:  deletes specific flavor_id generated by the custom order_id .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  set evacuate facts if not already present in facts dict args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the label or not the facts if they
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for all the drivers .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   flashes
truth:  replace   characters

test:  add the closest remaining points to the closest distance from the closest remaining .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  transfer   define
truth:  transfer   path

test:  a class decorator to be an instance of the module .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   render
truth:  pulls   issubclass

test:  yields a list of issues logs into a single string .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extract   augments
truth:  extract   issues

test:  make the states for the given exploration id .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  tests update targets targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  returns or 0 if there are no line areas .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   batch
truth:  run   code

test:  send and receive peer at layer 3 nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  this is called just an application which will be called .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  is   import
truth:  is   summary

test:  evaluate a dataset using inception variables .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   debugging
truth:  evaluate   dataset

test:  returns a list of nodes in g .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  returns lowercased string representation of the options .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  translate   corrupts
truth:  translate   terms

test:  ensure a data is profiles in the list of profiles .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  get a list of osf that were osf for the date or latest osf date .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  build section 9 .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  computes a and returns a dict of two dictionaries .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  given   svn
truth:  given   dicts

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return true if the parent function node is used in function statement .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  download a file-like object from a bucket .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  sanitize filename with spaces .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a seqrecord objects to a tuple of integers .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns the total seconds in a datetime object .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  pulls   poll
truth:  pulls   versions

test:  this function returns an expression where each callable matches the same expression and the resulting expression of the path .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  manipulate   sums
truth:  manipulate   expression

test:  returns the ufunc where the first argument passed is right .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  returns the path to the directory where the scripts for .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  this is a factory to run in a test .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  a decorator to enforce user roles .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  delete an existing child volume cache .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   eliminating
truth:  delete   cache

test:  authenticate with authentication token .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  authenticate   guvectorize
truth:  authenticate   oauth

test:  prints and returns elapsed time since last tic .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  saves   skipped
truth:  saves   use

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  construct   come
truth:  construct   yaml

test:  inverse of the jones reparameterization parameters y : ndarray the number of erfinv .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test and ensure secret is created and rebuild_node secret .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  pulls   sends
truth:  pulls   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  used to get a template file from salt master .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  render   labeled
truth:  render   file

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  this is a helper function that should not return a dictionary of permission configuration value .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  extract the maximum of a path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  create a new hidden cipher .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   present
truth:  linking   role

test:  build an alternative file by opening and return a deferred .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  read in production bytes from the given file and return it .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  given a linear programming row .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  normalizes scene to the given text .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  detects search in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   handle
truth:  detects   features

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  wraps vim .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  asks   allocate
truth:  asks   user

test:  generate rsa keys of nbits bits .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   review
truth:  generates   keys

test:  returns current task for a task .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  executing   mount
truth:  executing   task

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  generate a completion api .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  a shortcut for the common functionality .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  display the skeiniso dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  does this action have been automatically authorized to do .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  pulls   fit
truth:  pulls   choices

test:  generates a dict of a documentation for a given trees .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  count   pulls
truth:  count   null

test:  determine if the object is an instance of a field .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  simulates   inplace
truth:  simulates   ovs

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  test that an exception is invalid .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  delete an index template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   storing
truth:  delete   template

test:  takes element from nested index and returns either a series .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   utf-8
truth:  determine   argument

test:  this will use the coupon event .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  remove leading whitespace from a string .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact intact .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  test that the returncode system can be loaded .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  no changes to the image from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   forwards
truth:  changes   image

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  returns the person contact data for a user .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  formats a log lea .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  format   sanitize
truth:  format   libraries

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to tiles and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns either the first cluster submission .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert a boto .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  string   blocks
truth:  string   representation

test:  return the version from hadoop version suitable for this minion .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  reset the specified elements of the model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   tile
truth:  reset   information

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  returns the version number for the project .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  validate database export export export export .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  validate   purge
truth:  validate   requirements

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get md5sum of a file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  generate   orthoganlize
truth:  generate   hash

test:  convert a sum to a column number .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  pulls   address
truth:  pulls   sqlalchemy

test:  locate a file thru the first folder .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  move   enhanced
truth:  move   object

test:  copy a file and its modification times .
truth: move a file . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  format text with block .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  get the fans object of an object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  default function to check if r is true .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  returns the raw tool data for a given xml file .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  load   blocks
truth:  load   representation

test:  checks for header header errors .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  yaml: file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  output and extract a histogram data snippets .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  plots   organize
truth:  plots   histogram

test:  writes a file into a yaml value .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  dump   reported
truth:  dump   function

test:  find a user by name and return it .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  return an iterator over the elements of a named file .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  add   authenticated
truth:  add   everything

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  find the number for a string .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  register one or more pkg instances .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random get .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  load the users preferred file .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  attempts   interpolated
truth:  attempts   plugins

test:  load a logger .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get workaround for an object .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  recursive   located
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a generator that returns a seed .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  check if the given compatibility is valid .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  runs   retrive
truth:  runs   checks

test:  check if a valid configuration file is not configured .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  simply print a command that is started with block that is started .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  get a *safe* bound to a hash object .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  identify the vmdk size of an image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  prepare python version string to have unsafe version .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  undoes   pulls
truth:  undoes   null

test:  given an array of remainder matrix .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  create a file client and add it to the context .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  scan a video from a path .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   updating
truth:  scan   archive

test:  generates a random circuit .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  insert   deduces
truth:  insert   circuit

test:  get all api deployment describe information for a given apiid cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   keep
truth:  get   deployment

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   utf-8
truth:  check   argument

test:  this function makes sure that a file or 2822 issues with routine .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  display the skeinlayer dialog .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  display   plucks
truth:  display   window

test:  read and send data file .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  extracts the input data from a given directory .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  both both user and author or desktop .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  convert   backup
truth:  convert   properties

test:  clears the post mortem debugging .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  remove   escaped
truth:  remove   post

test:  quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl artifact .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  return numpy array of shape from most significant values .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  return   clamp
truth:  return   area

test:  list and function out all stacks .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  checks that a test version of the current version .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  remove   specifies
truth:  remove   methods

test:  a factory for creating an instance of a field .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator to create a temporary command .
truth: run setup . 
test:  run   demonstrates
truth:  run   setup

test:  return a json formatted string that represents the postgres server data in json .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  returns the maximum relayiplist after a point .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   unserialize
truth:  get   integration

test:  parse a github profile cli example: .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  return true if the file is a sequence of length crc .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  returns   brings
truth:  returns   checksum

test:  returns length of utf-8 for length .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  return the median field of the values .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  calculate   renders
truth:  calculate   series

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  returns a test suite for all tests in the given apps .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   browse
truth:  returns   testsuite

test:  attempt to authenticate with a function correspond to it .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  format string to natural " .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  traverse metric stats into a complete object .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  compute the average clustering of the bipartite clustering the bipartite clustering algorithm .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  single the combined and catch multiple lines before a combined .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  introduce   sign
truth:  introduce   pair

test:  submit a recaptcha challenge to recaptcha .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  remove a github team with team_name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  removes   archive
truth:  removes   member

test:  disassociate all fixed ips from a host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  test that the redshift methods of the __protected_attributes__ .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create a node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file and return its handle .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  deserialize any string in yaml stream .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  clean a path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  make   define
truth:  make   path

test:  program : file_input newline | file_input stmt | program .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  close the current file so that the next iteration will read the first line from the next file ; lines not read from the file will not read .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  appends configurations dictionary to the default django settings .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  displays   unrooted
truth:  displays   differences

test:  create an sdm from an iterable of expressions and return it .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  decrease the retention stream with the name and webserver .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  decrease   standardises
truth:  decrease   period

test:  split the two inputs into a single list .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  parses an http request .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  parse   requesting
truth:  parse   i

test:  query the requestors users response .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  tests that we can load a higher order contractive autoencoder and properly on a dummy dataset-- dataset-- generators .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  load otu from file .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  filter   marks
truth:  filter   otus

test:  create test of application .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  upload a file from the directory .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  filters out which match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  infer a decides from a list of dicts .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pulls
truth:  pooling   null

test:  returns the path to the caffe module directory .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  pulls   provide
truth:  pulls   provider

test:  matches pat for temporary filename and replace .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterates   ip
truth:  iterates   paths

test:  invert a sequence of monoms .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  reads the contents of a command .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  evaluate a python environment variable load expression .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  the main entry point for the application .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  it should find a single tabular by name .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  assert   safe_octal
truth:  assert   class

test:  read the title from the given thread id .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   resolved
truth:  read   threads

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  execute the main method in the script .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of closed issues in the given page .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  a decorator to make a repr of a recursive function return value and recursive data structure .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  traverse a running on colas construction .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  construct a symbol message for a database type .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  uptime a dictionary .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if modal .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  check   subscribed
truth:  check   configure

test:  takes a small_stmt and returns a dictionary of its sum .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  removes   convert
truth:  removes   sequences

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  pulls   go
truth:  pulls   channels

test:  dump all the data in the background .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  dump   freezing
truth:  dump   configuration

test:  returns a prime number of max .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  write a stream to the dataset .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  write   takes
truth:  write   stream

test:  returns true if the system is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   customized
truth:  check   salt

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  export method to a png method .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   grabs
truth:  export   png

test:  adds a new instance to each element in the given arithmetic .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  adds   compiles
truth:  adds   suite

test:  convert slice-thing to numpy .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   unsubscribe
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  uppercase a range of four characters from code1 .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  pulls   flashes
truth:  pulls   characters

test:  converts a symbol name into an integer .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  test for dynamic-string-scriptler and push through two dictionaries .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  verify   s
truth:  verify   sets

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  check daily report to push {u'enabled' report .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this function is called once the command line options for an instance of the second .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  build   created
truth:  build   mode

test:  test to ensure that its possible to rechieve the token header for the provided url .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   decorates
truth:  test   web

test:  recursive helper method to convert any host characters in 56th .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  run a qutebrowser command in a given shell .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  create a directory .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  tests that in-db and that in-db in-db require a store_fs exception .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  try   unleash
truth:  try   store

test:  serialize a allocations by its id .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  convert an image to the given image .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  update   indicating
truth:  update   images

test:  extract translations from a video file .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  adds *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the source as network controller .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  pulls   nose
truth:  pulls   prefix

test:  delete one or more model objects .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  open a file like mode .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  generate objects with fields that have related objects set .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  make   mignotte
truth:  make   things

test:  returns true if point is valid .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  is   listen
truth:  is   key

test:  calculates the given shapes with the given dimension .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  preprocess   overriding
truth:  preprocess   dimension

test:  generate a randomly sampled sparse matrix .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  test   dwindle
truth:  test   neighbor

test:  helper for an argument .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  measure   confirmed
truth:  measure   length

test:  download the command and return its filename .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  build   small_stmts
truth:  build   line

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  nicer wrapper for servicenow .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  requeue the mail queue to enter mail queue in the mail queue to set all message(s) message(s) to true to false cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a convenience function to explicitly remove the nanrows and x_i .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   usage
truth:  remove   rows

test:  return the correct location of a file .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  this function will return the shortcut for the project .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  launch   draft
truth:  launch   prompt

test:  create a fake cluster versioned cluster .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  decorator to add the current user to an asynchronous .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns the data files that match the given package and all of the given package .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  recursively union a boolean field on the block xblock .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   flattening
truth:  collects   field

test:  test installing a nonexistent extra warns .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  provides a path from the rrrather application .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  returns the user model object configured on the given user model .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  build master controller_args from master .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   rounding
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with random input .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  annotates a refund for the given user .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  signal   selecting
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if the object is an enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  initializes all applications .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  forces   blurred
truth:  forces   applications

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  allow attributes to be set in a excute environment .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  returns true if g is an iterable of g .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  adds a plugin translations to the current plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  error checking for routines that return strings .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  returns the gaussian distribution .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  load a module from the name .
truth: load a module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  returns true if the passed in is a reference .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  retrieve the first kind of the measurement for the given :app:pyramid hash .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  create a dictionary-like dict containing color colors .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  prompt the content and commit to a specified commit .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  show   disappear
truth:  show   commit

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  check if the specified package is installed in the given dictionary .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  call gce call to start .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  returns all the sentiment for the given reader .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  rank   connect
truth:  rank   entities

test:  remove a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   rebuild
truth:  remove   license

test:  compute the indefinite sum of two known term sum of compute and g .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  execute a command and returns its arguments .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  returns polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  returns   superimposes
truth:  returns   quotient

test:  clean the git directory .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  attempt to kill exception .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the path to the user configuration directory .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  return an object by name .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  read an error message from a file .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  make   labeled
truth:  make   file

test:  test that a matplotlib file has been ignored .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  error   capturing
truth:  error   error

test:  returns sample sample number from a replacement for listing .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  call the sitemap for the sqs config .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  given a list of changes from a rsync list of changes .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  get   loads
truth:  get   changes

test:  returns the number of seconds since the epoch as a floating point number .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  after help .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  identify   switch
truth:  identify   list

test:  convert an open interval to a mobius transform .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   labels
truth:  convert   transform

test:  decorator that checks the docstring for a function .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  mark   casting
truth:  mark   coverage

test:  ensure that a path is a recursively file .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  handle   rearranges
truth:  handle   import

test:  permanently delete an existing lb .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   fake
truth:  delete   load

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  set attributes from the capa_module: object listname .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are the kern pair value is the kern pair .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  compute theano theano gradient with hamiltonian .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a link to a link or group .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  get   turning
truth:  get   posts

test:  set new app: of the response to the default value of the input .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   strips
truth:  extract   changelog

test:  return an installed filename of the given image .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  used   resample
truth:  used   directories

test:  return power tuple x <= 1 .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   contributed
truth:  return   t

test:  returns the grade histogram .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  print   organize
truth:  print   histogram

test:  returns "dir" or "file" according to what type path is .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   introduce
truth:  returns   l

test:  return a list of all vms ids for the specified vms .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  block that doesnt block stdout is something that doesnt change the code is raised by the context manager .
truth: override sys . 
test:  override   inputhook
truth:  override   sys

test:  try to find out the root directory name .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  return a fixed frequency datetime start at index cli example: .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   matching
truth:  return   timedelta

test:  solve a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  sparseseries - dont install a file .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  returns true if given fuzzy .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  creates an action dictionary from the given diff .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   specifies
truth:  stubs   methods

test:  replace the matched xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   autoencoder
truth:  replace   xml

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  makes   crop
truth:  makes   directory

test:  returns the username of a process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  apply all nested sequences to the input stream .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  replace   homebrew_packages
truth:  replace   structure

test:  get the architecture architecture for the architecture as a string .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  returns   searching
truth:  returns   architecture

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  clear cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  reads and returns content .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test if we have the super extension .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  setup the worker non-default .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  pulls   deallocate
truth:  pulls   worker

test:  read metamorph stk uic1tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  returns a json object tied to a redis .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  find a file name from the system .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  if the bundle structure is flat .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  utility function to create an column to be used in a new column .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  alter   mutate
truth:  alter   column

test:  run the given function under the given type .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  send a permitted factory that will be used when the qos supports a connection with a buster shell .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  default   enumerates
truth:  default   protocol

test:  returns the plugin offset .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies for folder or not .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  generate discovery docs and client libraries to files .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   wheather
truth:  generate   library

test:  check whether to proxy files are allowed .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   build
truth:  check   conf

test:  get vector3 by dictionary and xml element .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   failing
truth:  decorate   style

test:  return the new version number for a site .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   poll
truth:  return   versions

test:  returns random readparsers for a bytestring .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  return the path without the extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  ensure unsupported page break types are trapped .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  returns the list of keys returned by the given keys .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  read a trans revision from a socket .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  gets   stored
truth:  gets   #

test:  returns a generator that is in the given audit details .
truth: given a field . 
test:  given   flattening
truth:  given   field

test:  creates a script string from a dict of cloud words .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  creates   offset
truth:  creates   parameters

test:  compute the short circle of a short image .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  short   identified
truth:  short   rgb

test:  return a parsed method for the given method .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  reads an image file .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  register an access role .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  given a key .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns a list with the equivalent characters as a string .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  function   distribute
truth:  function   proxy

test:  read names into a namedtuple file .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   identifies
truth:  pick   plugin

test:  transform an entry from a dict .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  build   safe_octal
truth:  build   class

test:  get respective parameter listeners .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  get   supplied
truth:  get   api

test:  test that a binary dtype inputsource -> 'abc\n .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  make   categorize
truth:  make   read

test:  retrieve a locale from a specific locale and return it .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  convert a timeseries to float .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  find the binary .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  configure   paging
truth:  configure   interface

test:  image data resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  downloads setuptools from package and produces its initial version .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  download   unsqueezing
truth:  download   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   safe_octal
truth:  function   class

test:  return a dict of the last function called for {}}if .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  this method activates works on the notation .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  tests   sums
truth:  tests   expression

test:  serialize the given value to a string .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  serializes   format
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  send validation and scales message .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  limit   prioritized
truth:  limit   messages

test:  parse the given message sizes .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  add a list .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  returns a dictionary of dependencies that are not ndependents .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  generator to generate the source file for a given file .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  convert a posix .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  create a class with a given module class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  add   safe_octal
truth:  add   class

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an arbitrary package if not installed .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  helper function that flattens units into a single collection of items .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  plot the in: in: for each use* group .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  interpret   fitnesse
truth:  interpret   events

test:  check to make sure the default horizontal matches the input horizontal .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send a helpful file from a given lists/dictionaries .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  given two binary arrays .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  run html tidy with minimal settings .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  returns all descendants of source in source .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  print all the results for this row .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   usage
truth:  prints   rows

test:  raises an error if the given error code is found .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  build a client to the google cloud natural language api .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  recursively create a hash .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  verifies that the command provided by the last object .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  removes a schema and create a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   evpn
truth:  removes   schema

test:  this is active when you are up to .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  creates   gzip
truth:  creates   markup

test:  scan a smtpd log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  given a valid table and a valid id or name and a route id .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  get eol characters .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  get   flashes
truth:  get   characters

test:  register models and create metadata .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   backup
truth:  register   properties

test:  this function is designed to determine if a resources from a package .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  check if the provided key is a valid format string .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  calculate md5sum for a file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  decorator to convert text to int .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  this method provides functionality for the media prefix .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  cast an array to a variable of dtype .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  attempts to parse a datetime object from a string .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  attempts   shared
truth:  attempts   string

test:  convert integer from network order to integer .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  deletes a problem .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  does nothing .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  see   code
truth:  see   logger

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  set the password for a named user .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  bootstrap a running system name the 5x5 to bootstrap .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  for testing .
truth: says hello . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes a user and optionally deletes a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  get the arguments for a function .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  returns a list of the names of all models for the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create an image from a sequenceexample request .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  prepare   enhanced
truth:  prepare   object

test:  draw the navigation axes .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  handle   submits
truth:  handle   navigation

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  parse the docstring list of line numbers and return indentation .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  return   dataframe
truth:  return   comments

test:  indentation manager to make verbose output more than one line .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  convert degrees in a one-hot .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  return   speed
truth:  return   minutes

test:  validates that the given validator are valid .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   protects
truth:  validate   args

test:  water - restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  returns the data from the json file .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  check for builtin text .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  asset delete view .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  del   notes
truth:  del   asset

test:  return a table of existing groups for each container .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   paste
truth:  return   containers

test:  publish final data if current user has permission to perform the same language .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  publish   bring
truth:  publish   page

test:  tests the bracket value .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  setup the generic hold .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   represents
truth:  setup   radio

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   download
truth:  convert   coordinate

test:  normalizes a line endings of a line .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  find missing children of node that matches filters .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   banned
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   attribute
truth:  insert   statements

test:  break up a zip file .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  returns a dict of the encoding -> dict mapping .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  creates   quotes
truth:  creates   map

test:  make a sequential palette from a list of colors .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns list of names of all modules from sys .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  contextmanager to return a list of mappings and relevant containers .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  group of milliseconds .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  get an attribute of an object .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  make a figure out of an ipython or a figure .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  draw   close
truth:  draw   graphs

test:  return a list of the exercise .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  copy a pair from source to destination .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   obfuscate
truth:  copy   tokens

test:  crop the image horizontally .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  update timeline is currently on q .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  unregister a class with the given name .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  parse a worker file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a list with ids of all collections that the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  find and find the system plugins for a given system .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  return   interpolated
truth:  return   plugins

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   labeled
truth:  append   file

test:  solves dn .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  function   export
truth:  function   tuple

test:  only filter names and pyname calls .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  test if an object is an integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  return a multivariate polynomial of a multivariate polynomial distribution .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  generate   subprojects
truth:  generate   multivariate

test:  force-reload the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  decorator for a single resource .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  format a file or block device using first_date .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  make   forgets
truth:  make   filesystem

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  compute polar polar polar cost for known comments .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns the port mapper for an instance .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  returns   prefix
truth:  returns   deferred

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  install flocker flocker package on a distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  reduce a polynomial from sympy/printing/tests/test_repr .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   pocsuite
truth:  return   n

test:  clear followup .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  clear   lettuce
truth:  clear   emails

test:  remove a the jacket container container from a target container .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return true if the migrage matches the first example: .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  detect   labeled
truth:  detect   file

test:  like json .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  display all private bridges from the organization .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   integrityerror
truth:  list   repositories

test:  returns true if user is masquerading as masquerading .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  create a requests response for a given http response .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  pulls   barcodes
truth:  pulls   http

test:  validate that the value from an http copy .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  decorator to loop invoked when invoked .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  m = quotechar white wald differential abundance .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  returns a string .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  convert   satisfy
truth:  convert   container

test:  run an interactive shell .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  transform a 2-d identity matrix to a 1d sinusoid .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  convert   file
truth:  convert   rotation

test:  removes a version from the postgres server .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  parses an addon given by a pending vm .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  find the file or directory for a given file .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  create   consisting
truth:  create   link

test:  return exception for an exception for the given uncaught error message .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  dimension a gcode file or text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  limit   labeled
truth:  limit   file

test:  return a dictionary having the everything in the dictionary .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  construct a page for the given wsgi .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  build   been
truth:  build   format

test:  run a remote vm cli example: .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   pulls
truth:  join   null

test:  add nova function to the nova class .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  patch   enabled
truth:  patch   nova

test:  return the checksum of a thin thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   brings
truth:  return   checksum

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  start a scheduled command .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  mark   uploading
truth:  mark   job

test:  get the rest server .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  check if a file with a data structure .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  setup the connection .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  takes a string and returns a a a a a a tuple of expected values .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   optdict
truth:  parse   lines

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  destroy a machine by name .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   stores
truth:  destroy   name

test:  returns a list of valid intersection for this module .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  decorator that catching signals in an db if they are changed .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns current locale code .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  set a simple tag to be used with a clean state .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  printf format .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  helper function to retrieve a ccx of ccx .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  test optimized summary of points in random models .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   import
truth:  test   summary

test:  apphook a new .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  match the pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  in order to rename with a voting abe .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  drop   pulls
truth:  drop   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  true if the policy list matches the given rules .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  context manager which changes the correct translation .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  activate   interpolates
truth:  activate   lang

test:  show an ok message .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  format a boolean output for the current thread .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  gets   been
truth:  gets   format

test:  a cpu cpu dashboard version of < pkginfo .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  parse a np into its component parts .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  in case filepath is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  pulls   tokenizing
truth:  pulls   filepath

test:  gets the current module for the given module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  get   coupling
truth:  get   target

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  gets the executive when this is called .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  drop   weblate
truth:  drop   references

test:  move items matching query into lib .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  moves   enhance
truth:  moves   items

test:  converts all matching glob from the list of patterns to the pattern .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get all subj for a certificate .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  given   producing
truth:  given   certificate

test:  convert an assets list of assets to all layers .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  depreciate   proxying
truth:  depreciate   assets

test:  factory function for making the appropriate lock implementations .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns the specified version of the specified executable .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  only work on macos .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  given the intersection of all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  test the if-modified-since comparison for a resource .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  ensure testing mode is testing in testing mode .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  ensure   created
truth:  ensure   mode

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  return a exit code of text .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  removes   disconnecting
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  copies the file path to an s3 bucket .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  make a raw query subclass for a pyramid .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  takes   xlsx
truth:  takes   query

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find a list of indicies and visit functions .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  walk   examine
truth:  walk   brick

test:  list currently volumes volumes attached to root .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  get the logical computer description :return: returns whether or not .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  packs a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  print the list of up to this authors .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   made
truth:  print   authors

test:  prepare a service sample properties .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  calls   specifies
truth:  calls   methods

test:  returns true if a process with pid is running under process .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  check   prettify
truth:  check   process

test:  retry a recalculate_subsection_grade delay .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  try   flask
truth:  try   times

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers if any registered exit calls to be executed executed last in .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   constrained
truth:  run   functions

test:  setup the dtvs platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  returns the pairwise between x and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  disable an user .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  blocks   terminate
truth:  blocks   password

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  convert a pattern to a list of strings .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  simple function to return if host is smartos or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path from the standard paths .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the rest index for this request .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  get a component_review by id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  returns a dict describing tool config options .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  make sure the statusbar is cleared properly .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  read the metric from the local node .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   clones
truth:  read   server

test:  like shade .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer from a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  remove   hides
truth:  remove   pointer

test:  return true if the given task has __isabstractmethod__ .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  loads the logger .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve iscsi output from iscsi .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   implement
truth:  get   sessions

test:  return an argv string for a namespace or unsaved unsaved process .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  this is needed to insert nodes in the input node .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  djangos   pulls
truth:  djangos   null

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   store
truth:  estimate   memory

test:  encrypts an encrypted aes key using key .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  orderedproduct view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  ordered   usage_key_string
truth:  ordered   view

test:  returns true if github was made in github .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  attempt   thinks
truth:  attempt   issue

test:  helper method to retrieve grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  helper to define a blaze expression .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  pulls   pending
truth:  pulls   default

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  decrypt   supports
truth:  decrypt   text

test:  applies force_str on all keys .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return the correct mode that should be used .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  helper function to update grains from the proxied device .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  function   undo
truth:  function   grains

test:  generate the description of a retrieved api .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   evpn
truth:  format   schema

test:  compute a weighted density estimate of a and a to a different plot a : ndarray the distance matrix .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  calculate   ban
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  give a list of page where the user can add or the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  returns a string identifying the menu type for a given type .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  vae allows samples per data point .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  allows   declared
truth:  allows   samples

test:  categorical crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  cross   feed
truth:  cross   entropy

test:  import a python module from a specified python qualified .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  pulls   rearranges
truth:  pulls   import

test:  build an html parser that uses the given template to build a series of data .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  build   storing
truth:  build   template

test:  read a pair of float from the files .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  tests that the in-db view is initialized by the operation .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  detach a new process in an indexer file .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   initializes
truth:  detach   program

test:  push joined at ip:port .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  remove unused images in image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  remove   squeezing
truth:  remove   uuid

test:  return one or more grains cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   undo
truth:  return   grains

test:  a decorator for parameter that never parse the old-style method to old-style class .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  pulls   call
truth:  pulls   docstrings

test:  this function takes an periodic instance and converts it to a list of values in the options in the registry .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  enumerates   pulls
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  return the object for an object .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  rewrites a list with all formatters .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  format a task ref for consumption outside of old-style task .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   mount
truth:  format   task

test:  delete the text from the cursor to the end of the line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  kill   incorporate
truth:  kill   cursor

test:  decorator for wrapping a method .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  attaches   located
truth:  attaches   method

test:  set the function to return a slice of the given rss .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  limit   store
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a value for a given sqlalchemy file .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  return xprotect_reports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  removes the end of a string node of the given string node .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses the given image .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   forwards
truth:  preprocesses   image

test:  yaml: html publisher from the jenkins workflow plugin <slack+plugin> .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  pulls   cool
truth:  pulls   publisher

test:  get gear path output .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  compute content of a full text file .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  compute   randomise
truth:  compute   message

test:  clears out any microsite configuration from the given dict .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  hack   parsefile
truth:  hack   descriptor

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   derive
truth:  initialize   templates

test:  add an order to the given name .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  adds   assures
truth:  adds   none

test:  get mako string which contains all registered characters and are referenced by the javascript .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  js   pulls
truth:  js   null

test:  migrate and automatically called database or the current database version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  write a string to a file any unspecified tuple of binary reader .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  on the given word .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  turns any alternative filepaths into a list of paths relative to the next file names .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return action list .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  suggest agent to underlying and function names when selecting a set of table patterns from table .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  return a list of the currently active languages .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment line .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  get pillar path .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parses the output of file2 .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  handle   initializes
truth:  handle   program

test:  verify that jd1 is added to the old-style class .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get data from the publication .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  load the docstring from a docker mime_type .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  checks   captures
truth:  checks   w

test:  make a list of datasets that link to a dictionary .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  make   signal
truth:  make   datasets

test:  runs the command in a subshell and throws an exception if it fails .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  return true if the nnf is in the nnf that is nnf .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  checks   craft
truth:  checks   expr

test:  parses a configuration from the specified string .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  requests specific privacy list listname .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  deletes   switch
truth:  deletes   list

test:  fetches the list of must be changed .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  checks   undoes
truth:  checks   routes

test:  guard against integer slice .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  use the log file to log out the logging log .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   shed
truth:  log   exception

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  convert a tag name from a comma-separated tag into a group name .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  transform a path to a list of file in directory tree .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  checks if a certificate has a valid live cert .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  determines   producing
truth:  determines   certificate

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return the status for the creator .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  an array with the same name .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  parse a dict of tags from a text .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all known vms .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that an existing bucket exists .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  trying   enters
truth:  trying   bucket

test:  update collections subscribers .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   revoke
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   listen
truth:  derive   key

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  pulls   warn
truth:  pulls   photos

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  for a given gpu query .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  removes / uses multiline or host:port and returns providers or host:port or none if there is no hosts and default_port is given use host:default_port .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  returns   prefilled
truth:  returns   hosts

test:  get meta for given document .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  pickle arguments to cache file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   directed
truth:  get   delay

test:  return the argument name of a function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  find   instantiate
truth:  find   arguments

test:  computes multivariate guass-legendre quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   unescapes
truth:  computes   rule

test:  tokenize the given text .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  yield   obfuscate
truth:  yield   tokens

test:  generator to read the given list of scopes from a socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  returns   goes
truth:  returns   frames

test:  convert an image to an img byte string .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  kill a process and all its descendants .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  identify   explode
truth:  identify   processes

test:  ajax view for deleting key .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get the stroke radius .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  inserts a new record for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   clip
truth:  inserts   record

test:  returns an edxnotes client for authenticated http requests .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  make sure that lex list cant produce a single newline .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   parameterize
truth:  make   integers

test:  convert a value to a native object for matching with a query .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  test the residual and remounts videos .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  converts an http date string to datetime object .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  context manager that saves all of the given exception type .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  save   shed
truth:  save   exception

test:  creates an open file dialog and returns a list of filenames .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  creates   logged
truth:  creates   dialog

test:  subroutine to create a canvas canvas .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  pulls   puts
truth:  pulls   canvas

test:  language: ru -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a dictionary of patched targets .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  this function is a wrapper around the normal gaussian distribution .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  finds   displayed
truth:  finds   sigma

test:  get authentication token from amazon challenge .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  generate   install
truth:  generate   response

test:  determines the time processors for a subreddit .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set windows between days and change is on windows .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  ensure resource is present .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  pulls   negate
truth:  pulls   resource

test:  send email rendering when a task is complete .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  check a value for an ip address .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  ending line for words .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  retrieve   small_stmts
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  installs the given hook and log warnings .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  installs   belong
truth:  installs   hook

test:  return a path for storing a sibpath .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  drop models and fallback to database .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   lcmv
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get all urls linked to a relase .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  if the environment variable w3af_processes is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  pulls   unquoting
truth:  pulls   environment

test:  override the configuration and returns a valid -- configuration file for the given defaults .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  use valid python script? method to lookup an ascii encoding .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  given   square
truth:  given   figures

test:  write the sequence of tuples in name interquartile .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  writes   switch
truth:  writes   list

test:  escapes a url safe for use in a url .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  doing   overlap
truth:  doing   encode

test:  decode a bson timestamp to bson .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   childnodes
truth:  decode   timestamp

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   piercing
truth:  takes   article

test:  identify the ckan request .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  logs out user .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  [--yes] of an distance_transform .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  convert a file or directory name to dst .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  return rate per second from global tables .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  retrieve and return a list of roles for a given project .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  gets   serves
truth:  gets   roles

test:  ctr an image along the ctr order .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  process the writer and run the image .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  process   forwards
truth:  process   image

test:  remove the scheme .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  which at least to the given throttle is not explicitly used .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   d

test:  returns tsv representation of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   debugging
truth:  returns   dataset

test:  lookup all options .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  lookup   authorizes
truth:  lookup   command

test:  only load if the kernel module is linux .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  provides   constrained
truth:  provides   functions

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core with core assignment .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  creates an absolute uri for a resource .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  publish info and return a generator .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  delete an existing group cli examples: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  execute a ruby command in a system .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  helper function to adapt the window and creates a list of pandas data from the buffer .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns all children of a module .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  checks if given certificate matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  returns a list of roles from a given permission .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  returns   serves
truth:  returns   roles

test:  return a list of releases that contain a single episode .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   instanticates
truth:  return   releases

test:  return server version from hadoop cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  user tries to get summary step without shipping shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   import
truth:  tries   summary

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  call   tell
truth:  call   signature

test:  find the cubic label image through a given image label .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  creates a new fastq file for each fastq conversion .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  makes   labeled
truth:  makes   file

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  update user from basket email address .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  update   lits
truth:  update   basket

test:  return a list of unique elements of 0 .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  normalize an xri to an xri object .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  return true if w is a dyadic dyadic bounds .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the current environment variable .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  document   pulls
truth:  document   null

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   rescales
truth:  notify   event

test:  gets a dictionary of entire translations files found in the dictionary .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  load   changes
truth:  load   languages

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  select an option within a select select .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  selects   uncheck
truth:  selects   element

test:  import a python module from the given module .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  import   transliterate
truth:  import   variable

test:  logs a single space message .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  return the degree of f and flags .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  get the information from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  ensure the version of a template .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  set content content on the filesystem .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  stores   darken
truth:  stores   piece

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   del
truth:  feed   gcode

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  reindex the intersection of a tweet or dataframe on results .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  correlation   pandas
truth:  correlation   columns

test:  creates a query to filter documents .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   unshares
truth:  compute   density

test:  remove a users job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   uploading
truth:  remove   job

test:  retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   stands
truth:  retrieves   rights

test:  loads and returns parameters from the provided file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  loads   exposes
truth:  loads   values

test:  a decorator that converts a function argument to a hash .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  test if cache is deactivated in addition mode .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  insert   eliminating
truth:  insert   cache

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the first element of the first two datetime objects have more hour .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  read a signed 16-bit unsigned byte string from an unsigned file .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  adds a new paste contents to the http paste .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  creates   orphaned
truth:  creates   paste

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  provides a sparse web interface .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  add a list of all the registered handlers to our .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  registers   advised
truth:  registers   commands

test:  splits liveaction execution into an actionexecution compatible dict .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  marks   pinned_array
truth:  marks   execution

test:  returns true if the user is masquerading as masquerading .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  return error data for an error .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  creates   shed
truth:  creates   exception

test:  display a new review request .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  displays   knapsack
truth:  displays   request

test:  takes an encoder .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  print a list of all columns .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  set the mask for the current channel mask .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   blend
truth:  set   mask

test:  this is been imported from the main process .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  checks   indicating
truth:  checks   images

test:  release previously set of media tracks .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   establishes
truth:  release   streams

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  test help command for existing command .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  create an image from the filesystem .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  create   stderr
truth:  create   machine

test:  wait to see drop database output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  wait   flattens
truth:  wait   output

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling context .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  restart the service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  try to dbfield .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  try   compress
truth:  try   db

test:  view that handles the password of reset reset to reset over .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  attempts   terminate
truth:  attempts   password

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  tries to "guess" a point in a sequence of polynomials of p .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  detects   stream
truth:  detects   returns

test:  add a cage .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  enable the tab completion command .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  enables   gzipped
truth:  enables   completion

test:  rename a combined primary key to a given resource .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  returns   unlocking
truth:  returns   source

test:  convert the logical cluster size into a cluster in it .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   analyzes
truth:  extract   size

test:  check that we can check the estimator .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  check   fileformat
truth:  check   self

test:  converts a numpy array of xmin at a time .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  returns value consisting of a given string value .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  base : testlist_multi for : testlist_multi .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  returns a string of a pdherr code .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  return a checksum for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   contrasts
truth:  return   digest

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  update an item if one or raise if it does not exist .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   pushing
truth:  updates   model

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded decode decode data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  accepts a dataset as purge or we need to work .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  purge   debugging
truth:  purge   dataset

test:  extracts a code from a function from a function .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  check to see if a input is a hashed password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  set true if the current value was an option .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  was   cause
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  helper to format a dictionary of live refs .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  helper function to redirect to a salt auth .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  redirect   assign
truth:  redirect   requests

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob id .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  apply the tv denoising algorithm on a file system .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  strip html characters from a list of pairs .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  given   authorizes
truth:  given   command

test:  like _lookup_by_attr_factory .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return current logical kern maxfiles .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  courses hours controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  accepts a template string as a string and runs it with the given context .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  shortcut   storing
truth:  shortcut   template

test:  get the versions of the global adapter for this module .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  return a data structure of the current .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  create an expression with the data index for the qt error code .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  creates a cache command based on the options passed in options .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  filters out ims for odbc .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  a decorator that can be used to mark a field or admin field .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  recursive helper for defining document or related to the type of a document .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  convert luminance to color space .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return a valid join list .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  parse a us format epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  statement : integer | newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  string = int2ap return num converted to a string using characters from the set a .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert a string value to a bool value .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  same as a is a a is a a is b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  method for getting v2 .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  function   compose
truth:  function   usage

test:  read ctc from a fiff file at a given node .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  retrieves the logged-in job with the given version .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based in the log space of y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  interpolates   exposes
truth:  interpolates   values

test:  compile and write a dictionary of english .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  compile   allocate
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   dtype
truth:  adds   arg

test:  return the values of the data .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  require a network directory .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  sets   crop
truth:  sets   directory

test:  project users form view and lets the projects .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   generate
truth:  project   users

test:  emits a setting changed event event after the process has been changed before the after the context .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  call a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  generate a wtforms label on a particular s3 label int .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  default   centers
truth:  default   labels

test:  helper method to make a minimal minimal schema .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  data: ���� .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  copy a file descriptor to master .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  negates a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  performs   highlight
truth:  performs   row

test:  show a bucket for the given bucket .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  like   enters
truth:  like   bucket

test:  check that the service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  takes a dict that represents a method in any of the iterable .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  pads   specifies
truth:  pads   methods

test:  scan a certain task id from a scan .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  retrieve   decorating
truth:  retrieve   log

test:  the symmetric version of this function returns the first word in the symbol symbol .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  returns the number of calc to use for some alignment .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  returns   visit
truth:  returns   padding

test:  create a guess that is the most common numeral of the field .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  tries   flattening
truth:  tries   field

test:  computes the hamming mean for a given expression(s) .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  convert present .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  presents   allocate
truth:  presents   user

test:  completion completion using a pandas image .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  crops   forwards
truth:  crops   image

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  async version of events .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  prepare a tar to a tar suitable for ssh tar tar .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  prepares   denotes
truth:  prepares   tarball

test:  set a service in down state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   preloading
truth:  set   host

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  yields   chisquare
truth:  yields   tuples

test:  this should be called .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  initialize the module .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  load   deflate
truth:  load   config

test:  returns an array .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  function   landing
truth:  function   sum

test:  return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  converts a python source string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  uses network to expanded .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  is   sparks
truth:  is   number

test:  returns either a random string or a pem form .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  convert   importing
truth:  convert   pem

test:  pass module function to minion .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  create   crack
truth:  create   _

test:  take a continuous subsequence of f in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  take   persists
truth:  take   subsequence

test:  retain vertical spacing before comments .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   expired
truth:  retain   spacing

test:  returns a generator that yields tokens for a given object .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  turn   aliased
truth:  turn   json

test:  quick core and fix a core vm from mininet .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  label on a string .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  takes   export
truth:  takes   tuple

test:  splits a string into multiple collections .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  remove a service .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  run a command in a subprocess .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  returns   modifies
truth:  returns   cmd

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   serializing
truth:  determines   setting

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  yields all testsuites .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  return subgraph communicability for each node of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  generate an object and add it to the default .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return a pandas version of an image .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  from bug 6 to convert no time to no time .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  issue   wrapping
truth:  issue   handle

test:  transform all games returns active games 1 .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a string representing the major and version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  prints out the msvs and display them .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  rebuild   eliminating
truth:  rebuild   cache

test:  returns the set of all nodes that are leftmost .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  get for project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   forgot
truth:  get   project

test:  this is a factory function to generate an instance of a curve or a subclass parameter is a valid ip this function and casts the name of the curve where
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  create and return a numpy array of .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  load   expected
truth:  load   stack

test:  validate a step description of a step function .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  extract contents from an contents of the maps file .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  functional test validating issue distortion .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a city data for a city activity .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the user id of the current request .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  a sequence of sequence .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  run an entry and cache entry .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file system to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  return the know know for an object .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  return the effective debug level .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  is   port
truth:  is   helper

test:  helper function to generate an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of pipeline ids and their keys .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  gets   review
truth:  gets   keys

test:  returns tuple of two human-readable strings .
truth: s: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  this function will be called from the method to delete its own clusters .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  return information about the marathon .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  parse in the mailentry from xml text .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  same as a != b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  produce transitive inline fields for source .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  maps   building
truth:  maps   tag

test:  gzip the gzip file .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  ensure the rabbitmq vhost is absent name the user that is absent .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   holding
truth:  ensure   policy

test:  callback for computing the shared spline .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  compute   rescanning
truth:  compute   weights

test:  get a list of info from the request .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  default physical unit mapping .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  given   throttle
truth:  given   unit

test:  open a url to frappe .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  return the a record for domain .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  mne mne units in file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns a formatted number for the specified carrier .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  converts two strings into a time .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  turn   hop
truth:  turn   newlines

test:  initialize the given addons and capabilities for settings .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  initialize   solve
truth:  initialize   settings

test:  the extension cannot parse all those pages which have been moved .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  get   stubbed
truth:  get   headers

test:  validate that the value of confvar is an image .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   published
truth:  validate   thrift

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  the inverse of the keystr function .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  check if a fast already exists .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  returns   res
truth:  returns   success

test:  take a facility() expression of an arrow .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  check   clustered
truth:  check   equations

test:  verify that the cell of an empty object is valid .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  creates   gauss
truth:  creates   strings

test:  provide results of repr .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get the gntp notification service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  retrieves all consistency groups in a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  return the list of weighted element obtained by aggr .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  weighted   populates
truth:  weighted   params

test:  get container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  port   tile
truth:  port   information

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  returns the maximum of an array along given axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   echo
truth:  returns   minimum

test:  struct_declaration_list : parameter_list .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a #rrggbb string to an integer .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flip the tree with the given name .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  flips   configured
truth:  flips   tree

test:  mean absolute error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  mean   reported
truth:  mean   function

test:  compute the jaccard sum of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  this method converts an error code into a string .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given a list of tuples representing a list of tuples .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  merge   presents
truth:  merge   mapping

test:  back up a nvp database .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  let   allocate
truth:  let   user

test:  create a base class for an interface of the given interface .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  for some file corename .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get a list of all the networks networks .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   preprocess
truth:  get   networks

test:  find the corresponding operator for a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  create a template options from a jinja object .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  return   signs
truth:  return   display

test:  ensure we can add .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  calculates packets packets at layer 2 .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  calculates   brings
truth:  calculates   checksum

test:  test reading sensor positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  validate an authorization string .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  check   simulating
truth:  check   input

test:  returns the python-like string for the given reference params .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  return the induced nodes of g .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  turn a list of unique features into a list of biopython .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  parse the url for options .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  parses   trivial
truth:  parses   connection

test:  format a file subscription for the node .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  format   rescales
truth:  format   event

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  test installing current directory ( .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  test   crop
truth:  test   directory

test:  given two lists of left lists .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  generates   asserts
truth:  generates   diff

test:  return a list of the running services cli example: .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  lists   paste
truth:  lists   containers

test:  create only configuration by default .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  enable   pending
truth:  enable   default

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  decorator to cause a view to cache its results .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  return the line number of the message .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   rfc
truth:  formats   distance

test:  takes a list of lines in list of bad and attempts to attempts to find the result from a list of lines .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  given a path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  configure nltks data for return: uploads .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the workstation in the terminal .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  pulls   escaping
truth:  pulls   doctype

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  set url remote url to frappe official .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  set   access
truth:  set   url

test:  position a wsgi redirect to another redirect .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  redirect   prioritized
truth:  redirect   messages

test:  return xprotect_reports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  clone the git repository .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  returns an array of relevant epsilon of a given interval .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  sample   bench
truth:  sample   value

test:  check that the given bucket name is a bucket name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  validates   stores
truth:  validates   name

test:  generates a string representing a valid key path .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   plucks
truth:  launch   window

test:  compute polynomial cofactors in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   compounded
truth:  compute   gcd

test:  this gives admins the topic that we know the standalone mask for a given channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  gives   coil
truth:  gives   ability

test:  parse the input .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wrapping this is designed to add the documentation for every object .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  add   doing
truth:  add   annotations

test:  given a sequence of :class:path objects .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  handles elasticsearch mode that handles datetime objects .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  pulls   limit
truth:  pulls   decode

test:  shrink function for the linear unit tensor .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  returns the class="noinclude"> counter .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  check that normal basic mean need to be cross-validation .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  runs   flag
truth:  runs   sanity

test:  flatten a list .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   switch
truth:  flatten   list

test:  makes a chunk of bytes from a stream .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  creates a new web server .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   offset
truth:  initialize   parameters

test:  setup the netatmo component and return the service .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are wrong at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  finder can accept a incorrect case .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  get or create an http client for all http client libraries .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrap a single ssl socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  freeze   define
truth:  freeze   path

test:  returns the top of the top rated for the given exploration .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  issue #444 .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  set the meta with the media descriptor object .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   clearing
truth:  set   meta

test:  principal principal .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  pulls   beautifies
truth:  pulls   contrast

test:  loads api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   listen
truth:  loads   key

test:  restores an dbdeadlock file .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  are   augments
truth:  are   issues

test:  add tags to a resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   unpause
truth:  add   elasticache

test:  load secret_key of invocation .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  file   decorated
truth:  file   mime

test:  make the guess callback for the threads that could be updated or for the given sqlalchemy object .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  determine if a hash field exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  for each file .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  parses a named tuple .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   drops
truth:  parses   call

test:  this returns json generated by the wysiwyg for all requests .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  compile the compiler compiler compiler .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a random cloud instance .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  escape invalid characters .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  authentication complete process .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  complete   prettify
truth:  complete   process

test:  send and receive packets at layer 2 nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  compute scaling of points into site-packages image .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  subtracts   forwards
truth:  subtracts   image

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  renders a page for testing .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  create an organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  knowledge category view .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the named vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  remove   hostname
truth:  remove   vm

test:  create a l{iopump} .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  create   clones
truth:  create   server

test:  splits a datastore path into the datastore path and the datastore .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  rindex -> int return the result of the string s in the given string .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  fixture providing a readlinebridge .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  xml   carry
truth:  xml   test

test:  convert slices or dictionary into a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  keep   mounts
truth:  keep   objects

test:  return an element with highest func score; tie goes to first one .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  creates an absolute reverse view for absolute reverse .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  recursively remove all files from the base .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  enable   integrityerror
truth:  enable   repositories

test:  helper method for login .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  writes   access
truth:  writes   url

test:  parser for a scanners or a parser .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   intrepret
truth:  plots   pdf

test:  hac of covariance matrix assumes we have a hac of time series for an out-of-line matrix assumes we have a covariance matrix assumes we have a covariance matrix assumes covariance
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  records records from a local url .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  update   responds
truth:  update   database

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  convert two options .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  source_url - 是一个list .
truth: path 目录名 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  register a new user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  register   allocate
truth:  register   user

test:  puts() should output without a stream .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get unified command list for a given python code .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx may include tokens .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   unlocking
truth:  tokenize   source

test:  gets node registration was registered from .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   complete
truth:  gets   registration

test:  replace one instance of the original sequence .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  try   put
truth:  try   rules

test:  takes a table .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  remove   duplicates
truth:  remove   symbol

test:  calculates a 1d array of fit in the given low point .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  a utility to expand a lrs library into a string representation of that starts with each string .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  generate a tar manifest for the files .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  generate   cook
truth:  generate   ball

test:  disable a specific site from the current site .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   handles
truth:  disable   site

test:  get the craft preferences .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  gives a ~astropy .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  resolve   teardown
truth:  resolve   type

test:  synchronize merge merge always return all the links attributes .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   saves
truth:  replace   links

test:  return the uri .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  serialize   access
truth:  serialize   url

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  construct the version string for the newest global calls .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  test to ensure that hugs type correctly converts a python type to a required message .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  decorator to submit a step to a request .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  create a new action for an action .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  this method helps the test file enrollment by adding a dataframe file to all the drives file .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  called   labeled
truth:  called   file

test:  serialize a single tabular output .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  serializes   pulls
truth:  serializes   null

test:  returns true if the gravatar has visibility limited to connect to specified email address .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  ask a question; message .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  entry point for the application .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  set a default ruby .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   disconnected
truth:  set   ruby

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  assert that the response opt matches the given rule .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  execute   unescapes
truth:  execute   rule

test:  verify that the command as root .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  called by the servicetester in a model .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  download a contents of a kernel file .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return true if this request is logged in cookie .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  check   knapsack
truth:  check   request

test:  check if current families families is installed .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  start the userid/groupid of the group cli example: .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  testing   belong
truth:  testing   hook

test:  returns the mpd key for mpd .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  return   facebook
truth:  return   pairwise

test:  save column order on new set of columns .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  set   pandas
truth:  set   columns

test:  test that the dipole dipole behaves the same index .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  test that ipython gives an ipython syntaxerror .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  list the keys available cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator for benchmarks that are mapped to the top of the c{class} .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  given   duplicated
truth:  given   inference

test:  check for scaleway configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   support
truth:  plot   time

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial in k[x] from sympy .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   union
truth:  convert   domain

test:  return the directory where the first search has been set .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  check for group and add multiple values to the branches .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  ensure   decide
truth:  ensure   groups

test:  checks all of the various override an entrance exam if the course has an entrance exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   disconnect
truth:  pulls   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  match   assign
truth:  match   requests

test:  validates that timeout raises an exception when the timeout value is greater than or none .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   statsd
truth:  validates   timeout

test:  returns a string .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the ''pad .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  extracts the remaining code and creates a zip file .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get the cache key for a gmails and account .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  checks if all the v1 are present .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  tries   exposes
truth:  tries   values

test:  this function normalizes an empty array to dont catch all single newline .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  modify image to a list of indices .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  all valid quick utility .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  returns   grep
truth:  returns   formset

test:  writes and writes a file .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one valid error .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  run commands .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  takes a list of integers and randomly swaps the elements in an unbiased manner .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  solves 1st order order homogeneous coefficients with 1st coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  returns   decrypt
truth:  returns   solution

test:  return a vlan object given its id or locator .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return the text for a specific tag .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read a crop file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   header
truth:  read   crop

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  return the list of files inside the directory: plugin path .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  compute an index array for a var(p) matrix .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  pulls   print
truth:  pulls   approximation

test:  parses a strong value from a dict .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  loads file from local to plain format and returns the default one .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   reverses
truth:  iterate   services

test:  create and return a reactor .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   fortran
truth:  create   resolver

test:  read the given url and return the content as a text string .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  reads   aliased
truth:  reads   json

test:  pytz pytz .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  configures   mutes
truth:  configures   app

test:  return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  update the last modified stat .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  make sure that signature even be eval() .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  validates the value of performing a single field in request .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validates   choice
truth:  validates   formats

test:  compute the cosine cosine matrix .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  generates   support
truth:  generates   time

test:  returns a viewpoint for the scheduler in the specified viewpoint .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  deletes a module in a container .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  add a song .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   remove
truth:  add   history

test:  convert a tuple into a tuple of tuples .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  return a db cursor for reading .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   incorporate
truth:  return   cursor

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  set up the uclust sessions .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  calls   storing
truth:  calls   template

test:  returns a list of featured activity references for all activities .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  returns the value supported in a function .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   reported
truth:  attribute   function

test:  connect to s3 and mtime expired buckets if it has been expired .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  connect   starred
truth:  connect   s3

test:  test reading a unbounded column header .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  module   retrive
truth:  module   checks

test:  replaces instances like mid with mid requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  append   assume
truth:  append   header

test:  setup the vm this is running in the gui .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the newline of the newline :type raw_url_or_path: .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  converts a string version of string to a date object .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  return all pairwise threshold from an array at x .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns the disjoint union of a disjoint network .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  retrieve the list of enabled generation for a course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  check   control
truth:  check   generation

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   dispatch
truth:  multiply   operators

test:  decorator for running the enclosed function .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  pulls   exempts
truth:  pulls   pseudo

test:  compute the audio statistic for the given endianness .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  computes   support
truth:  computes   time

test:  internal function to load a finder import file by import_path .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  removes all users on the device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   freezing
truth:  removes   configuration

test:  capitalize matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  capitalize   supports
truth:  capitalize   text

test:  gets the core directory for a given port .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> ~/abc return a handle .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  returns an instance of the appropriate tree .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  store the configuration value for an option config .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  copies   cause
truth:  copies   option

test:  return devices devices cli example: .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  enable maintenance off .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  disable   created
truth:  disable   mode

test:  verify if the certificates matches the given app .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  checks   restoring
truth:  checks   data

test:  return the full url to the bootstrap theme with the given bootstrap url .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  write a trees in nexml format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  looks up a inclusive by a string in a maximum of numbers .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  find the first line of a given number of initial line numbers .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  combinations a single segment to the offset .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   describes
truth:  set   offset

test:  convert string to hex form .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  returns the path to a package .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get files in a given directory .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  checks for common constraint runner to work and other classes .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  run   flask
truth:  run   times

test:  makes a requests from the given configuration .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  request   tracks
truth:  request   urls

test:  check for bti elements of dim against cookies .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  retrieve a module and retrieve a specific configuration .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  check for warnings .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get the full path and user name from a shell .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are stored in the context .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   jitter
truth:  ensure   guest

test:  helper for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  provide   enhance
truth:  provide   items

test:  get a job value from the rest interface name .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  get a pointer to the next llvm llvm llvm .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given integers c .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   dst
truth:  given   c

test:  returns name for system managers .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  set movie title title title title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  converts an array to a 3d numpy array with the image and scale .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  to see if the named service is enabled .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  update the daily average for a given addon and updates the daily settings .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return the architecture architecture as an e .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  return a list of distributions .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  get   scours
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   splitting
truth:  chop   surface

test:  returns next fragment of a given request .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  retrieve   consisting
truth:  retrieve   link

test:  track states and offer events for calendars .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   fitnesse
truth:  track   events

test:  extract the current response body from an http response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a depth-first-search generated edges in breadth-first-search .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  produce   descend
truth:  produce   edges

test:  split a dataframe into a heap .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  whether value is an argument .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  gets   constrain
truth:  gets   attribute

test:  if file is running on a random path .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  echo   separates
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read and return a single features from a file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   caused
truth:  read   return

test:  the sequence following the first element in a sequence .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  empty   switch
truth:  empty   list

test:  forces and flush all public values from the given test suite .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  flush   scaled
truth:  flush   queue

test:  concatenate a sequence of summary into a multinomial form .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  separate   import
truth:  separate   summary

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   tear
truth:  runs   module

test:  returns the maximum of an array along given axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  main entry point for ansible module execution .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  check if a port is suitable for use as not .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   requeues
truth:  get   sms

test:  if the scheme is a uri that we can guess .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  add   spyders
truth:  add   scheme

test:  decorator to give a validator method for a class .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  fake   map
truth:  fake   implementation

test:  returns the entropy of a array-like .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  calculate   feed
truth:  calculate   entropy

test:  return the preferred input encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  compute the nth deviation of the probability distribution positive skew indicates that most of the values lie to the right of the mean skewness(x) = e( ((x - e(x))/sigma)**3 )
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   record
truth:  pulls   deviation

test:  root page for github root .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  view   intialize
truth:  view   root

test:  returns: list of names of the flags for this module .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  returns the value that is in the field text .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  change the users room number cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  transform a lowpass filter prototype to a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   hits
truth:  transform   filter

test:  calculates the *worder* list of sequences from the given list of word .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculates   repairs
truth:  calculates   correlation

test:  create a new interacting with a network .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  this function reads a package paths to be associated with a absolute path to the package .
truth: given a package . 
test:  given   downloading
truth:  given   package

test:  return the placementgroup .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns largest integer as a string of interest .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  input   restart
truth:  input   account

test:  strip the given request from the given request .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a wsgi-compatible .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   shared
truth:  issue   string

test:  gets avatar avatar if it is up .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  for launching user and iri status .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  import a module by name .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  try   tear
truth:  try   module

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   define
truth:  set   path

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  test for been two dense or ts .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  tests   reported
truth:  tests   function

test:  fixture to cause a test .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  provides   stays
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  download a file-like object from a file .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  start all scheduled data from aruba .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  execute   xml
truth:  execute   runtime

test:  convert a file path to a filesystem path .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  list users belonging to this vmware environment cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible func using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   updates
truth:  runs   wsgi

test:  create a gf(p)[x] polynomial to represent a monic polynomial f .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   algorithm
truth:  rotate   points

test:  returns a list of all the structure in an existing list .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  show a dictionary of devices .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  use   objects
truth:  use   show

test:  decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  first search of a derive in derive main format is the shape of the derive tree .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  decorates a method that enforces primary key primary entity .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  bayesian method for estimating distribution parameters using method of moments .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  get the list of network interfaces that are what cidr .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  returns true if and b are the same .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   optdict
truth:  clears   lines

test:  get a list of vector3s with each component the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  installs the external status for a server .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the expr hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller for dynamic table contents .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  requests   switch
truth:  requests   list

test:  dom utility to obtain the contents of a list of files from the cluster .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  3: 3: .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  ensure the zmq for a zmq curve is valid .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  bundled   trim
truth:  bundled   support

test:  serve files under a given directory .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  is   sleep
truth:  is   files

test:  watch a user and add an ajax .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  post   unsets
truth:  post   watch

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server cli example: .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  checks   responds
truth:  checks   database

test:  display a public contributors for the given contributor dashboard .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  render   restoring
truth:  render   data

test:  deprecated control function for bokchoy tensor .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  add a function to the real stats .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   attacked
truth:  add   stats

test:  get the current utc datetime object for the following code .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  deletes a pub/sub pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  check if a container is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic tensor .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  return x .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  teardown the image to the specified image .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   satisfy
truth:  teardown   container

test:  parse the command line for a file .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  check for an meg type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  ensure   teardown
truth:  ensure   type

test:  attempt to find the null window in the given stream .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  uninstall an iterator from a machine .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  retrieves the exploration for the specified exploration .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  write the z-file header for a sff file in a sff file .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  splits an iterable into a tuple .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  check and set the hashdb of the request .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the last error feed of a namespace .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dump the private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   listen
truth:  dump   key

test:  tell reattempt to return an iterable of length n with key .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test idmapper hashing .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parse each line of the list of infiles to a list of infiles tuples and delete all infiles .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  deletes a cloudwatch target .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  deletes   coupling
truth:  deletes   target

test:  check all groups .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  verifies   decide
truth:  verifies   groups

test:  parse the given dedicated contents into the given addon .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  return a list of all files on the symlink server in a specified environment .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  represent an s3 url .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  make   tracks
truth:  make   urls

test:  converts an image to a file and image format .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  compute   forwards
truth:  compute   image

test:  update an icon with a session root .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  pulls   resizes
truth:  pulls   icon

test:  ticket edit .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  generator function to return if the channel is not a pre-weight connections .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  get the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  merge a dictionary of results from a dict .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   understemmed
truth:  merge   results

test:  sets the mysql collation for column .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  add assembly for each side of cage .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  returns true if the page exists on the page .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  construct validation string .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  check that policy is present in the system .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  look   enabled
truth:  look   nova

test:  mock the appropriate backend url .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  solve a symmetric matrix from a fixed-spline color .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  return the value in readable format that is 0 or equal to the replacements .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  return   outline
truth:  return   hex

test:  searching for a single space conversion .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  update container stats .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  retry retry exceptions that errors errors errors are raised by an exception when the requests .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  decode string .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decode   decomposes
truth:  decode   rfc

test:  display all repositories repositories from the configurations .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  show an error message .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  a decorator that ensures only user can have argument to use the project .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled permissions for the course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  decorator to check if the current user has the expected api class .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  show all available network status cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  get   append
truth:  get   tenant

test:  match a batch of shape and add it to the existing variable parameters var : theano variables returns k : theano variable as a batch .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  prepend   releases
truth:  prepend   axis

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  read output data from a file .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  get raw data .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  returns true if the given response has a given response .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  servicerecord add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   connect
truth:  decodes   entities

test:  reorder and simple covariance matrix assumes sha1 have some same .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  quotes the " and characters in a string and surrounds with " .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  pulls   learn
truth:  pulls   quotes

test:  return the namespace or raises foreignerror .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  extract messages from mako template files .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   derive
truth:  extract   templates

test:  test to make sure that the html writer will not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  test x labels and truncate labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  change the result of the input .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  setting   forms
truth:  setting   result

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   based
truth:  expand   address

test:  sync all apps from all apps in the given directory .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   were
truth:  sync   property

test:  gets a helper object that were account from dhcp-opts on the iwtools .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  retrieves   restart
truth:  retrieves   account

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  find   named
truth:  find   z

test:  given a utf8 object value c .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  given   remounts
truth:  given   obj

test:  return the appropriate host string representation of a given host .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  format   throw
truth:  format   x

test:  test that an api: allows us to fail a message .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  test   install
truth:  test   response

test:  get the default feedback url .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  for a module .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   tear
truth:  add   module

test:  test integers/bools htmls to add htmls .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   serialize
truth:  test   str

test:  encrypts a stream of bytes from the given stream .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  decrypts   hover
truth:  decrypts   bytes

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   reported
truth:  mask   function

test:  loads a correct image .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  take care of the received tool shed features in a given httpconnection .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  hashes the debug message .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  needed   pulls
truth:  needed   null

test:  redirects the user to a page .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  issue   asserting
truth:  issue   redirect

test:  reads data from file .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   interpolated
truth:  returns   plugins

test:  extend the image size .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  increase   analyzes
truth:  increase   size

test:  render a mako template as a string .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of two items .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  do any restricted elements .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  dumps   talking
truth:  dumps   dict

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  decorator that checks numpy and cupy are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  pulls   understemmed
truth:  pulls   results

test:  update a site configuration in the given site configuration .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  update   bench
truth:  update   value

test:  convenience function to create a client .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  return an absolute path to a python module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  prepare the next item from the rest api .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   pulls
truth:  disallow   null

test:  reshape string array .
truth: if possible . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  slugify a named tuple .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  converts   rules
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  formats an xml document .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  retry a function that will not be called when the job is raised .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  executes   overlay
truth:  executes   func

test:  returns the product of the product .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  convert set or set into key/value pairs where possible .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get the number of days variable in a string .
truth: get the int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  return the interfaces size within a network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  helper function to get date from a datetime object .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  returns feedback form context for the current user .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  truncates   gauss
truth:  truncates   strings

test:  calculate the stats for a set of gpus .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  retrieve the identity pool pool name for an identity pool .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns the number of rounded to a number .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  round   located
truth:  round   method

test:  parse a dict of parsed link into a dict .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the response data for both the login and refresh views .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  decorator for two images .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   indicating
truth:  compare   images

test:  returns the full image policy for a given image key .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  extract   forwards
truth:  extract   image

test:  return true if an upstart service is disabled .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  are   iterates
truth:  are   comment

test:  deletes an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  gets package installed version of a module .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   hides
truth:  makes   pointer

test:  return a generator that will run all the workers within the other workers .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  creates and parse the configurations to a png image .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  generate circle percentage of polygon .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  helper method for adding contents to previous element .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  removes   uncheck
truth:  removes   element

test:  copy the given document .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  process   pass
truth:  process   document

test:  get the point factors .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  factory function for creating a performance password .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  context manager to mock the sys .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  place   mounts
truth:  place   objects

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to preserve order of the original list .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the size of the current platform .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  attempt   newlines
truth:  attempt   dimensions

test:  return cpu usage time corresponding to the given number of cpu cpus .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  builds a directory structure .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yaml: sitemonitor enable sitemonitor to add a build as environment variables .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  delete the consistent release and newline if it exists .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  converts any string into a dictionary that represents the entire query .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  returns   polling
truth:  returns   webob

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  header   enhance
truth:  header   items

test:  creates a client for working with cloud databases .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  convert a unified path to pathlib .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a provided ip address and return an ip address .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  open a slash in an executable .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   drill
truth:  execute   run

test:  plots a line .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   forwards
truth:  crop   image

test:  list installed perl modules cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  import a module given its name .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  create a network field for an value .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  least common multiple between 2 integers .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  pulls   assert
truth:  pulls   multiple

test:  return an vswitch list of all the vswitch that are vswitch from the given vlan .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  the where the elements in a sequence are not in the given key .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  loads a file from the web page .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  download   daemonize
truth:  download   memcache

test:  create a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   clip
truth:  create   record

test:  check for the existence of the module .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  returns single channel .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute a person open tag for a concrete tag .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  upload an ssh server to a remote host .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  takes a single json player entry and converts it to the articles for a game .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  parses   compiling
truth:  parses   home

test:  calculate the hex digits of the series parameters n : series or series of the hex value .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  takes a list of where elements of the multi value from django .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  frees a list of available audio output device devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  returns a .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  randomly relative to positive .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   saving
truth:  parse   feature

test:  returns a generically rank of the given tuple .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  extract a capabilities list from a capabilities of text .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  creates consumers for xcode dependencies .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  pulls   blocking
truth:  pulls   outputs

test:  start : start id .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  start   dst
truth:  start   c

test:  disable code to be used in code .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  use   multiply
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  alias for image location .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  choose   forwards
truth:  choose   image

test:  helper to format a statement call for ssh .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  pulls   empty
truth:  pulls   attempts

test:  adds a new string to an document .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  builds a human readable volume spec .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return pairs of a dict .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  ensures that value is a json string .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  completion for occurrences of functions in the most recent tag .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  escape any object in iterable .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set the value to the appropriate modules .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  disable   tear
truth:  disable   module

test:  get the user count .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  check that fqdn is a valid fqdn .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  get a dictionary of name and :mod:salt .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   format
truth:  get   parameter

test:  returns a randomly generated sample of a tensor parameters n : int number of samples k : biom thanks of gpl .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  choose   parameterize
truth:  choose   integers

test:  adds a due date extension for a student on a particular unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  sets   attempt
truth:  sets   extension

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a new default linestyle .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  test cross-validation without having any file .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  test writing and writing of mrk points .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  pulls   cleaned
truth:  pulls   configurations

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the argument to display for a given second .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  update a new user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   restart
truth:  update   account

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  efficiently compute the render matrix of *x* .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  since a regex if a store is not a background task .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  inserting   pulls
truth:  inserting   null

test:  create the parameters banner .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  create   generating
truth:  create   shell

test:  adds a new scalar to the curve of y and increases if a .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  create a new thin thin wrapper .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  get descendant tokens from data which have inputs == nodename .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  pulls   leaving
truth:  pulls   cython

test:  compute quorum of n .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  disable the named sysv service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  return data for bookmark .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   referenced
truth:  return   bookmark

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  register a new simplification .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   publish
truth:  output   graph

test:  expect an interval to a boolean .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  ensure   contained
truth:  ensure   snapshots

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  grab the signal handler from the given localpath .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  send pending tasks .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  false if the given node in special .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   aligns
truth:  update   volume

test:  this function returns a colorscale or colors where *x* is an array .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  get the increment average from the global average .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  assumes the given datetime object has a the attributes .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a decorator that implements a udp attribute .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  convert to ansistring .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  used   forbid
truth:  used   options

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  test previtem() with a cookie hit .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get region based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   drops
truth:  make   call

test:  return a list of active conferences for the user .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a pep manager for a given engine type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  reverses a output file and prints it .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  convert obj to a native object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  returns the line offset from the iterable .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  utility function to load data from file .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  loads   optparse
truth:  loads   extensions

test:  to parse the current times as a list of named subtitles or successful file .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  converts   labeled
truth:  converts   file

test:  register a linter .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  send http requests file .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  handle   knapsack
truth:  handle   request

test:  get a dict matching the selected sync from a file in the given database .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  fetch the gravatar url for a gravatar email .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  returns   coefficients
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  returns the harmonic mean along an array of matrices .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  revoke the cache .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  revoke   assure
truth:  revoke   challenge

test:  debug log dump .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  clears the redis cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns the size of a binary size .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  turns   combined
truth:  turns   ipv4

test:  decorator that synchronizes a method or a function with a mutex lock .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns true for the target page .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  run file .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  get   stretch
truth:  get   language

test:  converts a scipy .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   sort
truth:  compute   exponential

test:  create a fake payment_instruction .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  retrieves the plugin registration .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  same as a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  true if the node is a class of a method .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   downgrades
truth:  point   point

test:  helper method to normalize the same paths and add it to the end of the second .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  validates a setting of a setting .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  validates   solve
truth:  validates   settings

test:  creates an oauthtoken and sets the token value from the url .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  finds   shared
truth:  finds   string

test:  select a document with slack .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  read type data from native python objects .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  takes   restoring
truth:  takes   data

test:  initialize the random seeds .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  return a dict of kinds pairs for all kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  pulls   rising
truth:  pulls   group

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  return a list of available ip addresses .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return random string of a random bytes .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  return a list of all services that have been given by the given service types .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the circle nodes from a path .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  returns "dash" string of the variable which is not in a string .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  quote a string for safe http exception .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  used by recv_process related rule to persist for a new trigger created .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  mounted file descriptor .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  returns a dictionary from image metadata at a specified params .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  static pages .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  copies the first archive object to the destination .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   updating
truth:  copy   archive

test:  returns a list of all working workflows .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  write the book contents to xml .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  link   labeled
truth:  link   file

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   inhibit
truth:  get   label

test:  debian uses a file .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  create a stateful string suitable for ctr encryption .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  ping external entry point for an entry .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ping   tracks
truth:  ping   urls

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create a unique sharejs uuid from a living wiki .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  format   squeezing
truth:  format   uuid

test:  for verifying the entire dispatcher .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 sha .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  provides the unix directory of a given path .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  determine   coupling
truth:  determine   target

test:  create and initialize a temporary file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  test event ordering of events .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   limiting
truth:  test   order

test:  generate tidy path from a source file .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  decorator to list of distributed users cli example: .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  defining   preloading
truth:  defining   host

test:  gets all virtual_interfaces for instance and network .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  returns a string with the specific page id .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  check if we can resize contained file .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  update or add manifest xml from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   autoencoder
truth:  update   xml

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  setup the available port .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  limit" search hash for a given string .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  a view that builds and returns the config .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  check   usage_key_string
truth:  check   view

test:  configure the options to visually and add proxy status .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of physicists functions .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  convert a unit value into the corresponding unit .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   throttle
truth:  convert   unit

test:  unpack a numpy matrix from file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   cleaning
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  save data to a prepared file .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test working copy when a user already exists .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  test   disconnecting
truth:  test   sudo

test:  append the token token to the request url .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  appends   compiling
truth:  appends   home

test:  change preview of posts .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  pulls   turning
truth:  pulls   posts

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   spin
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  takes a dictionary and converts it to a query dict .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  retrieve the column name from a database column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  parse the value of a 1024 text file object .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  returns a tuple of the datadir cache if missing .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  finds   define
truth:  finds   path

test:  translates a url by nominated url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  permanently delete a blob from the provider .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  create configuration for the configuration .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  create   freezing
truth:  create   configuration

test:  receives the given data structure .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  show the details from a scaleway baremetal server .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  return the hierarchical clustering of the second clustering .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   merges
truth:  return   clustering

test:  running the case of the data .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  fft   pulls
truth:  fft   null

test:  returns an instance of a class from its name .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  adapted   access
truth:  adapted   url

test:  place a full path according to the rules for the solution .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  check   document
truth:  check   brackets

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   oriented
truth:  like   meth

test:  construct an object holding binary data .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  a view that connects to the login user changed in the request .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  performs   relying
truth:  performs   login

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  send a message to the log file .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  refresh   unquoting
truth:  refresh   environment

test:  makes sure that we are running using latex .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  returns a diagonal array with diagonal elements attached to diagonal at the given interval .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute edge boundary of a directed graph g .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   pack
truth:  returns   edge

test:  check if url is running under https .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  tests that the config file with *name* 008 008 .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   transliterate
truth:  test   variable

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  test that new valid encoding excluding encoding .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  pulls   look
truth:  pulls   utf-8

test:  check if worktree is installed .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch a public key from the public parameters .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  download   listen
truth:  download   key

test:  get a loop inside the loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  view that performs requests .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  convert the current text into an integer .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  tries to ensure that the decorated class passed in is the same as the metaclass .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  returns the energy norm of the given domain f .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  calculates   assuming
truth:  calculates   norm

test:  want to json-encoded function for computing gaussian distribution .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  calculates   limiting
truth:  calculates   order

test:  escape any environment variables in data .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  generate adjacency paths for prog_id .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  computes json object from a string .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of a single image .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  ensures that the given path is in the given roots in the given directory .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  create   denotes
truth:  create   tarball

test:  return a list of schemas in schemas .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  return btrfs btrfs formatted devices on the system .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  commodity channel index .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  insert the given node into the parent of the given node .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  generate a test file for use by looking for temporary files .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  retrieves metadata from an instance .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastic elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  removes email preferences of user with given user_id .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  splits a string into roughly and left .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  separate   equalize
truth:  separate   email

test:  returns a list of constructor from a given runner .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  reshapes an input variable without copy .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  decorator for wrapping functions .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  only work on freebsd .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  module   fake
truth:  module   load

test:  walk in the list of classes .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  resolve a lease mac address and return it .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  called   remaining
truth:  called   lease

test:  get the get unique file names of a directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return the path to the users art .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  dump   switch
truth:  dump   list

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  converts an ip address to a binary string .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   physicists
truth:  returns   suffix

test:  returns a dict of the entire authorities that can be currently running .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  provides   crop
truth:  provides   directory

test:  return the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   assembles
truth:  compute   coefficients

test:  create a file reference for a single test file .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   enhanced
truth:  transliterate   object

test:  generate a secure enough hex string .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  compute   shared
truth:  compute   string

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  create a symlink on windows path .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  link   profile
truth:  link   theme

test:  simple path to calculating the 'paml .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  formats size for human readable size .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  print   unmarshalling
truth:  print   sizes

test:  get doc data from doc .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  f2 kernel .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  is   signals
truth:  is   moment

test:  fixture to return a valid temporary directory name from a cookiecutter .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  converts a diagonal matrix to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  write the source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   unlocking
truth:  write   source

test:  convert a number to a hex unsigned integers .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   outline
truth:  convert   hex

test:  return the first non of the given pid of the given process .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  verify   explode
truth:  verify   processes

test:  parse an integer from a list of ipv4 indices .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  tickets filtered by status .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  filtered   point
truth:  filtered   status

test:  gzip -> unencoded data .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  return   removes
truth:  return   gzip

test:  render the template_file .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  return x minus the null interpolation of 1d harmonic oscillator .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  for each model in a container .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  works   concatenates
truth:  works   ordering

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   holding
truth:  create   policy

test:  return the path to the built-in python documentation for this version .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  convert an xhtml template coordinates to a set of utm .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  check if a whitelist is a whitelist .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  check   preloading
truth:  check   host

test:  log an agreement on the meetinginfo .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   urlencode
truth:  log   item

test:  renders a template and a template with the given context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  setup cover controlled by shell commands .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns the last item in a eui-64 .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   instantiate
truth:  returns   arguments

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  test end and bt种子的绝对路径 jobbrowser .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  close the sd_ref connection .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   label
truth:  attach   custom

test:  return locale from the request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  predict float numbers based on sequences of float numbers of length 3 using a single layer of gru units .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  apply   fonts
truth:  apply   layer

test:  only load if the given computer is available .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  write the string representation of the given file .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the current movie time .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  html markup to writedoc .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  write   compile
truth:  write   documentation

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x n integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  list the keys available .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  lists   serves
truth:  lists   roles

test:  queues the user .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  load   unlinks
truth:  load   fixture

test:  shutdown a running system .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shuts   chew
truth:  shuts   service

test:  check that an image matches the given date .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   thinks
truth:  attach   issue

test:  return true if the file info has been info that we should have a good info .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load if the npm module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   pinned_array
truth:  load   execution

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a helper for a field to a list of fields .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  returns the rate of the currently computed events .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  pulls   format
truth:  pulls   parameter

test:  handle move widgets .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   parsed
truth:  handle   widgets

test:  scale an image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  field_type : const_value .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  safely delete a directory .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  recommendations list or recommendations .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  pulls   pyopenssl
truth:  pulls   convenience

test:  serialize the inventory dictionary for a json representation .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  turn   adjust
truth:  turn   inventory

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  print a status message to stdout .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  deletes a (calls .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  deletes   commit
truth:  deletes   repository

test:  delete a user .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   expose
truth:  delete   credentials

test:  grabs the parameter_value_overrides .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  kill a job status .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  get the if the first word is in the first word and increases of the first word .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  encode a eligible dbref .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  usage: dbref(3) this lock type checks if the given pid exists .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that an existing project is raised without a new items .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  check for valid email address .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  checks   based
truth:  checks   address

test:  detect server table cli example: .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  test   reduced
truth:  test   cli

test:  return the base directory .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  unpack a matching the list of archive filename .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  update resource type .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  instruct the amount of idle time until it is multiplied .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  displays   reloads
truth:  displays   amount

test:  cusum test for pairwise samples parameters u : int number of residuals including the getrsq .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  display pending execution .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  pauses   allocate
truth:  pauses   user

test:  gets the difference between the candidate and grain .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  resets   igor
truth:  resets   device

test:  compute squared norm of the matrix n .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  look up the cached value for the master if it exists .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  pass   cause
truth:  pass   option

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  sets options needed for things .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  adds   expose
truth:  adds   credentials

test:  converts a numpy boolean array to a bool array of any boolean values .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  returns the current user current user .
truth: set g . 
test:  set   translated
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap the named container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  raise an exception .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  return memory since the number of memory .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  accepts an input prefix and returns a string representing the input prefix .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  replace   stores
truth:  replace   name

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   knapsack
truth:  perform   request

test:  stretch a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  set the given properties on a security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  update   rising
truth:  update   group

test:  mount up a file from the filesystem .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  mount   embedded
truth:  mount   example

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  returns the thumbnail for a thumbnail image .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  gets current long description for a given changeset .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns an instance of the regexp type .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  return   compress
truth:  return   db

test:  parameters a : sequence of an integer which is binary representation of the corresponding string s : hex .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  generator to iterate over a single sequence .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  returns the min weighted cost dominating for the given node .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  generate upload file for a file .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  upload   hostname
truth:  upload   vm

test:  returns the uniform distribution for the given distribution .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  pulls   threshold
truth:  pulls   distribution

test:  serialize any callable object that handles no data .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  download the release group of an image .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  download   recommended
truth:  download   art

test:  returns the progressively in the clip at time t .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  adds the value to the beginning of the value .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  returns   parameter

test:  return true if youre following a dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  immediately have a socket suspicious .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get dependencies from the database .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  imports all modules and returns a list of global modules .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that the tail of the bayesian info works for the bayesian .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  make sure that symbols are valid expressions .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   deployed
truth:  make   symbols

test:  create an arma process with standard mu and variance parameters ar : array_like .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  simulate   prettify
truth:  simulate   process

test:  remove explicit zeros from a text file with a normalized line .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   thrusting
truth:  remove   space

test:  enroll student multiple email .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  enroll   equalize
truth:  enroll   email

test:  returns a list of forums .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  given a sequence of longest objects .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  returns   persists
truth:  returns   subsequence

test:  returns true if the given command has a given command .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  update parent comments in parent .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  update   fetches
truth:  update   parent

test:  return ps information for the rest of the rss rss rss .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  get data from a video source file .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates and returns all namespaces for the specified global .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  return   makes
truth:  return   namespaces

test:  require an nginx package if installed .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  require   delay
truth:  require   conda

test:  set a fake locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  registers an admin extension .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  register   reallocation
truth:  register   collection

test:  return a scaling for a single plot .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  pulls   broadcasts
truth:  pulls   colorize

test:  fill the file name and replace which same be edited for between .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  check   disabling
truth:  check   filenames

test:  set the username of authentication u .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  convert an address representation to true or false if the ipv4 address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  determine   shared
truth:  determine   string

test:  returns the number of characters in a character .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  installs a specific reinstall ruby the given ruby ruby the version to install as rvm .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  pulls   disconnected
truth:  pulls   ruby

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  validates attributes of invalid reading data .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  pulls   etc_services
truth:  pulls   sensors

test:  functional test cases for stringify .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  keeps   skills
truth:  keeps   track

test:  api to handle service hooks from github .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  pulls   challengenes
truth:  pulls   hooks

test:  pick a list of weighted values from the total w .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  returns   fit
truth:  returns   choices

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   producing
truth:  retrieve   certificate

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  get an sqs conn .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  whois a user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   plan
truth:  show   profile

test:  convert an ascii matrix to a human readable string .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  converts   appends
truth:  converts   add

test:  allow the locale to transform a python int .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   boolean

test:  view a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  write a file reference to the history .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  save   labeled
truth:  save   file

test:  a custom template that can be used to generate a dictionary that represent items in a template .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  look   exception
truth:  look   macros

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transform transform to build packages .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  run   locked
truth:  run   build

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   removing
truth:  perform   parse

test:  return the number of cpus in the system (same (same .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the score values from the courseware student module .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   skipping
truth:  returns   score

test:  replaces characters with a single space character in a path .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  convert obj to a flattened flattened version of iterable .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  return a list of meters by source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  elementwise sin function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  return a list of words to a specified query .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  get   minpoly(add
truth:  get   words

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   crop
truth:  ask   directory

test:  validate a cookie for an emailmultialternative anytype .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  goes   teardown
truth:  goes   type

test:  api: send a test to output .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  guess the generalized statement for a report .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  compare two exception objects .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  return the classes for a given object .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  get node information from an ec2 node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  check for scaleway configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  adds an authentication url to the selected auth .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  add   access
truth:  add   url

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  validates that a model specified in a plotly graph are valid and that the containers wont be assigned to a plotly .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validate   executed
truth:  validate   dictionary

test:  produces the linear linear transform .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  shared   simulating
truth:  shared   input

test:  split a nested tree into two nodes .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  returns a list of categories to be configured one or more categories for the specified categories .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   shifted
truth:  seek   units

test:  escape the given text so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  escape   rms
truth:  escape   javascript

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  return data to a flattened data store .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  return true if the organization and text are present .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  purge   filename
truth:  purge   organization

test:  list of users owned by a list of json .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  separates   generate
truth:  separates   users

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  check to see if a specific virtualserver exists cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert obj to an object .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  create a repository for the given field type select an option type .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  called   inquire
truth:  called   tool

test:  compute the polygamma .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  computes the shortest path lengths between all nodes in g .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   ip
truth:  compute   paths

test:  parse a field path .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  take   define
truth:  take   path

test:  set the host to enable enable enable microsite has been set .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  creates a new container cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   enabled
truth:  add   nova

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a 2-bytes .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  pulls   sleeping
truth:  pulls   price

test:  try to return all of the a list of all equal for a given image .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  returns   parens
truth:  returns   figure

test:  construct the size and power size of a given number .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   vms
truth:  are   thread

test:  construct a hash function that follows every x in iterable .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   enhanced
truth:  formats   object

test:  cm service request section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  dummy implementation of tuples to discover the shape and then discover it .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  sample a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   ensure
truth:  turn   prediction

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  show in a map of the user .
truth: map command . 
test:  map   authorizes
truth:  map   command

test:  disable the cli options from the user .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  handle   reduced
truth:  handle   cli

test:  converts a median image to tuples .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  finds   newlines
truth:  finds   dimensions

test:  fake function to support html formatted as: by first argument passed to it .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   mounts
truth:  find   objects

test:  finds a vpc module with the given name and returns it .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  finds   fft
truth:  finds   vpc

test:  extract messages from the given blockdevice_id .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  ensure that zeros .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  makes   xor
truth:  makes   scale

test:  create a new figure for the given figure .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   parens
truth:  create   figure

test:  get the payload .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  read a number of urls .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  pulls   correct
truth:  pulls   async

test:  will delete user preference for the given username and pods .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  deletes   buckets
truth:  deletes   preference

test:  unlocks processor .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  get all public resource classes for the current thread .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  raise a warning msg .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  return true iff both a and mac == removals .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check the such that no errors are compatible with no continuous .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   pings
truth:  validate   behavior

test:  create an astroid model for skiptest .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  given   populates
truth:  given   params

test:  detect modules with at least the given python .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  list role in a role .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  return the javascript code for a locale .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  test the corrmat distance between the corrmat and a matrix .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  get a list of file names that will be sent to a single file .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  replace all occurrences of a substring or a a a a dict with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  place an order by specified order .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  given a valid config .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   holding
truth:  detach   policy

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the graphite feeder .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  use   exposes
truth:  use   values

test:  decorator that setting abstract methods to a class .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to have a specific status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  pulls   aligns
truth:  pulls   volume

test:  produce a between predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   validating
truth:  produce   clause

test:  this returns a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  retrieve a pull request from a pull request .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  encrypts the given password with salt .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  format   customized
truth:  format   salt

test:  gated the metric with format for each metric .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the extension extensions with its extension .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  return successful information about a volume .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  returns the first item from a sorted list .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  create or create user by username .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  handle the compiler version of a file .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  send usage invoice with order invoice .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  return a dict of cpan configuration files cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  adds a task to the predicted .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  load the object where clause is an unicode string .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   deconvolves
truth:  declare   level

test:  builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from a parenthetical notation .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  this is an integer which looks like a controlled for invalid os .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  compares   facebook
truth:  compares   pairwise

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   wanted
truth:  creates   filename

test:  handles a forgot password .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  sends   terminate
truth:  sends   password

test:  lambdify -> typename return the blaze expression for an expression .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  lambda   pulls
truth:  lambda   null

test:  for djangos display .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  gives   bench
truth:  gives   value

test:  this is a debug function for launching a simple data into a standard card .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  pulls   context
truth:  pulls   contact

test:  constructs and returns the manager entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   supplied
truth:  constructs   api

test:  run a command and run its output .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  used for debug/test .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  test that a incoming editor need to be passed in the custom editor .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  tests   obj
truth:  tests   filters

test:  create an image .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  gets   enters
truth:  gets   bucket

test:  returns the mean tag for a list of dict .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test reconstruction where elements are not implemented .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  prints a log message if the user uses stderr .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  helps with source localization using epochs .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   grant
truth:  compute   power

test:  returns a recursive byte array representing random bits .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  flip   cyclen
truth:  flip   percentage

test:  mask the given secret dict .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  retrieve a random number for a process id .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  provides   prettify
truth:  provides   process

test:  set comment form .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  transform an character sequence in a string .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  transform   enforce
truth:  transform   iri

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or return it contains an iterable which contains such a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  create a schema in the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  creates   evpn
truth:  creates   schema

test:  makes the wsgi application .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  paste   paging
truth:  paste   interface

test:  obtain an expression for a fixed-size or refund .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  limit   pulls
truth:  limit   null

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the perspective .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   pick
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick disk driver .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  pick   widget
truth:  pick   libvirt

test:  model fails with explicit concurrency .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  set a key in dictionary .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  return image label for video images .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  saves the value of a saved playlist .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  delete   clean
truth:  delete   playlist

test:  connect to redis server models .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  starts   ellipsoid
truth:  starts   pool

test:  convert a list of tuples to a list .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  make   switch
truth:  make   list

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  return a sax configuration for the desired resource .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  documents the action method for a resource .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  returns the cache cache directory .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  job id of a salt diff name .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  split a symbol for a given symbol and requires it .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  publish a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   stops
truth:  publish   topic

test:  unless the default should denote missing/empty .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  restores a config zip file back in place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   labeled
truth:  restores   file

test:  test the fit sample routine with ros sample support .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  return the string containing all non-overlapping matches in the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  lookup   iuploader
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return a small graph d from a directed graph g .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  pulls   hash
truth:  pulls   flow

test:  make sure the user can read from a single page .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with a nice plot .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  returns interface used for running built by process or not .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compliant compliant state and return them in a sorted list of individual strings .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  load known plain key from file and return it .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  return true if user and password matches password .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  returns   pick
truth:  returns   callback

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  download permissions for a given uuid .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  request   wrapped
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if a tool looks like an existing tool looks at the end of the tool formats .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  load a config file and return a configparser object .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  validates   labeled
truth:  validates   file

test:  explicitly dumps the message .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  show a list of pairs .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  show the cassandra version .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  show   extract
truth:  show   version

test:  find the xml elements of a footnotes .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  only works on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  creates an index in the dictionary for the given types .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  given an ipv4 address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  provides   bench
truth:  provides   value

test:  changes a cron user .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  return   loads
truth:  return   changes

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  custom custom verify we can verify the given ip .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verify   modbus
truth:  verify   cookie

test:  print a single line of an error message .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  add   indexes
truth:  add   snapshot

test:  find a parameter in use and return them .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   extract
truth:  gets   version

test:  make sure invoke has a valid color .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  break model from api error handling .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  formats   prioritized
truth:  formats   messages

test:  resnet-50 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  ensure that a named value is enabled .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  enable   unmask
truth:  enable   profiles

test:  deploy the default application repository to a file .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  deploy   roundrobin
truth:  deploy   application

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  writes debug logs to a log file .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  logs   ssl
truth:  logs   errors

test:  adds the given headers to the response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  stop frappe and prints a url to the given file .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  wait for login to become login .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  make   empty
truth:  make   attempts

test:  returns the vsphere location of an image .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  this function makes sure that every bucket generated by s3 .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  recursively copy all files under above .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  read a single line of a iterable .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   instantiate
truth:  translate   arguments

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  check adding the file case to an existing file .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  compile a regular expression name .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  given   batch
truth:  given   code

test:  compute the distance between two points .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  compute a fourier transform of f at a specified in the fourier .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  converts a bcd value to a bcd value .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  returns the size of a sequence .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  creates   throttle
truth:  creates   unit

test:  return the average assortativity matrix for the given maximum attribute .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  compute   defines
truth:  compute   attributes

test:  returns a list of strings which the received values to show the plural data in a list .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  enforces matrix kernel .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  pulls   iterator
truth:  pulls   kernel

test:  example action using expected .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  restful crud controller for human-friendly permitted on bus .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  computes the minkowski dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  mock a thread .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return the status of banners .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  multi-dimensional correlation .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   eliminates
truth:  list   elements

test:  read samples from a file .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against one app .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  pulls   discover
truth:  pulls   closing

test:  does the opposite of the sequences have sensitive .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this view index page .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  converts an iso8601 formatted date string to a datetime object .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   evacuate
truth:  convert   precision

test:  context manager that adds default app to your applications applications .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  setup   induce
truth:  setup   testing

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc return a url .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  this returns the entire grade object grade for an existing problem .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  validate that value is a valid html string .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  searches through the available explorations .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  registers an ovs handler for use in the given handler .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  a helper for creating containers and return a list of containers .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  return dict mapping line numbers to their underlying pages .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns true if the file exists .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  the list of all registered sql statements .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  print   highlight
truth:  print   row

test:  get a partition of a partition .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  return   rotated
truth:  return   partition

test:  get list from raw slug .
truth: get slug . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students grades grades and push the results to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  clean an http request to a url .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  clean   access
truth:  clean   url

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  yield yield sample values for each sample in the original list of sample values .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set the id and label matrix to the decimal id .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   named
truth:  set   z

test:  set a specific computenode entry by a recommend .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  optimize the value of a specific grr .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  retrieve instance type access list by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  return spam .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  caches   pulls
truth:  caches   null

test:  find service by name .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  search   redirecting
truth:  search   entity

test:  separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   reported
truth:  separate   function

test:  check if two metadata_version will not load a valid python function .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  converts ir text to the struct code for a particular type .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  upload a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  creates   listen
truth:  creates   key

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   whiten
truth:  get   computenode

test:  tests that the list/queryset cli polynomials .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  this loads a directory for the given file .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a timestamp to number .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  adds the given headers to the response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  takes a dictionary with items in a dictionary with a list of dicts .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  returns a list of height drawn from the nxm counts of the desired standard" space .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  returns a decorator that checks if a vlan has been alive .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns the most recent options used for the current thread .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   forbid
truth:  returns   options

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  converts an arbitrary string to a unicode string .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the path to the directory where we can connect to .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  get   fill
truth:  get   pathname

test:  parse key=val or iterator to match the list of strings .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  get   results
truth:  get   keywords

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  we need to add vcr .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  fixture   unlinks
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator to define a function that will be used in depends .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  decorates   write
truth:  decorates   dependencies

test:  return the operation result .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  freeze a wheel from the setuptools installation .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sets a class or a proxy method .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  poll task statuses for a task .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  retrieve   inverts
truth:  retrieve   statuses

test:  populate a fnpickle object .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  pickle   enhanced
truth:  pickle   object

test:  parses a valid policy string into a tuple of valid endpoint .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  parse   files
truth:  parse   check

test:  retrieves the packet with the iplayer .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  converts   talk
truth:  converts   packet

test:  returns the network version .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  a vmadm or just check if we are always a tensor .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a mock mock .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  generate   uncheck
truth:  generate   element

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  basic example of oldest .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  testing   exposes
truth:  testing   values

test:  update asset attached to the given asset object .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  update   populating
truth:  update   info

test:  solves a 1st order differential equations .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  set up logging .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  creates   command
truth:  creates   session

test:  only run the decorated test in the lms test suite .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  return the number of seconds that have been handled into a server handled .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  pulls   widgets
truth:  pulls   responses

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  returns the network device modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   constrained
truth:  returns   functions

test:  get the current server names from the rest server .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  return the cache subnet .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transforms a numpy array into a last array .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  return the entire language for the given language code .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: advance block . 
test:  advance   converted
truth:  advance   block

test:  test event validator .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  add a pathlist to the equivalent .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  adds   init
truth:  adds   modules

test:  write the z-file and imposes to a file .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   optdict
truth:  write   lines

test:  get the list of stored for this module .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  have   inhibit
truth:  have   label

test:  get the llvm context .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a string of a v2 signature .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   shared
truth:  sign   string

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  gets a group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  take an items in a dictionary of 2-element objects and return them as a dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  test hermite cardinal difference interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  run commands and return a command .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  function   authorizes
truth:  function   command

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  updates a certain tenants quota quota rule cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  returns a dict containing the files for a complete set of profile images .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  return the login class of the kernel module .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  reload the cached localzone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  obtain the uptime from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   pulls
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that jd1 is a multiple of 0 .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   evacuate
truth:  check   precision

test:  decorator for handling get request defaults .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  return true if path is a python module/package .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  exit [<code>] exits twill .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the display version of a text .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  query   signs
truth:  query   display

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   extract
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set the specific value of or specified services .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  change   grouping
truth:  change   system

test:  raises an exception if the supplied string is too long .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  check that translation was not using import .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   enabled
truth:  check   nova

test:  block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  block   igor
truth:  block   device

test:  write objects from the given file or file .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  this function computes the decorrelation decorrelation = w .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  verify that the given package is installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  expect a warning warnings .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  concatenate enzyme file to python module from this module .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  export   sleep
truth:  export   files

test:  all compute belonging to a host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  apply a filter in a list of appropriate values .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  identify data for each entry in the document .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   formatted
truth:  compute   rate

test:  computes the gradient of a tensor .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  create a widget widget on a site .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  render   reserializes
truth:  render   widget

test:  list contents of a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   bartels
truth:  function   contents

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  test   flip
truth:  test   python

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  convert a size in bytes into megabytes .
truth: formats size . 
test:  formats   analyzes
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  list quota to install a quota volume .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  list   aligns
truth:  list   volume

test:  encrypts a polynomial of the returned suite .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  -   access
truth:  -   url

test:  this is a converter which checks if we have a few logged in the actual reactor .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  try to convert unicode to unicode .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  see   flattens
truth:  see   output

test:  update addons+collections session when doing a tableblock plot .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   command
truth:  update   session

test:  return the power of the named service .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  for pairwise jitter .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  add new .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  retrieve cohort cohorts for a course .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  simple peak implementation of the permutations .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  check   uploads
truth:  check   factorization

test:  creates an image object for use with the images .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  get   gunzip
truth:  get   certificates

test:  deletes all media files contained in a given document .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  helper that returns a dictionary containing typical source code using a sparse source estimate .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  pulls   unlocking
truth:  pulls   source

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  test installing a package using local setup .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  run system .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  split a string into multiple keyword arguments .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  split   testsuites
truth:  split   keyword

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  like wildcard .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  write to a message .
truth: output a string . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  create a directory for the root package .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  pulls   decompile
truth:  pulls   wiki

test:  get vlm_media instance title title by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  merge two lists into a single channel entries .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  merge   unescaped
truth:  merge   entries

test:  resolve a name .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  create a unique file name .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  check a syntactic .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  takes   enroll
truth:  takes   iterator

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  verify that the specified cron job is absent for the specified user; only the specified cron .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  get a qliteral class from a pattern or malformed .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  warn about warning .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  generate   eventlet
truth:  generate   warning

test:  gets musicbrainz details for a collection in the form .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  parse the command line options .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parses   forbid
truth:  parses   options

test:  given the path to the directory of a profiler .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   be
truth:  parses   acl

test:  subtract dense polynomials over finite fields .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   combine
truth:  evaluate   transformation

test:  creates and returns the openlabs script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   retrying
truth:  is   compatibility

test:  updates the portage tree .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   responds
truth:  updates   database

test:  this flattens nested sequence .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  results of a function through a sequence of time .
truth: run some function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  setup the itunes platform .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert a native native set to a python set .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  gets the path to the default ddir file .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  allocate a floating ip .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  list   adict
truth:  list   pools

test:  return absolute path to a file .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  add a new interface to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  bind   paging
truth:  bind   interface

test:  create a message .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  display   draft
truth:  display   prompt

test:  mark a scheduled task as being started .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  remove   reserializes
truth:  remove   widget

test:  give the entire rescanning session .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  pulls   relying
truth:  pulls   login

test:  removes from text .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  display a skeinlayered file .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  returns the sum of the first sum of the iterable sum .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  sum   eliminates
truth:  sum   elements

test:  formats formats and number of entities in tweets .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  safely update a quota allocated or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  sets the specified ids .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  allocates   simplifying
truth:  allocates   range

test:  write the checkpoint checkpoint .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  write   understemmed
truth:  write   results

test:  create a continuous random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  a timeseries is anomalous every dictionary of lists .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  create a subset of floats and return the 2-d string .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a boto connection for an aws service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  return volumes that match all volumes in a group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  test either if an error is raised .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  multiply the transpose operation of the expression tree .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  applies   looking
truth:  applies   operator

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   marking
truth:  lists   qos

test:  retrieve a list of resources for all resources .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  find   sleep
truth:  find   files

test:  test plugin as media plugin .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  gets local controller names and passes them to support context .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  plugin   float
truth:  plugin   decorator

test:  tests a valid file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  compute inertia labels for x .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  compute   centers
truth:  compute   labels

test:  verify that a dict of keys arent valid .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create an instance volume from the cluster and create or raise if it does not exist .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  decorate a sympy expression with no node id .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  creates   analyze
truth:  creates   copy

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  write 3 byte integer tag .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   linkify
truth:  write   integer

test:  remove a cluster from the minion .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  remove   joins
truth:  remove   cluster

test:  for saving a given local file .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  closest time a += b .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  pulls   cancels
truth:  pulls   typeerror

test:  runs a shell command in a subprocess and wait until it completes .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  given a sequence of tuples .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  return the delaxes: data from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   interfacing
truth:  remove   axes

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  given a cython archive file .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  imports an object by string in a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   enhanced
truth:  imports   object

test:  sort english by sequences .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   bails
truth:  comapare   phrases

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   eliminates
truth:  extract   elements

test:  set the block indentation level .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return a volumes usage that contain usage .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  run images and cache it .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  compute the hilbert vertices of the input sentence at the given axis .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   dumps
truth:  compute   signal

test:  return a copy of the string s .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  adds the current url to the ajax page .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  parse the value of a dictionary of all the options in a dictionary .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  get   lowercases
truth:  get   verbose

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  ensures   advised
truth:  ensures   commands

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   rising
truth:  associate   group

test:  deletes scheduled the item indexed for the user .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  exposes   located
truth:  exposes   method

test:  test that token-ids file extension is correctly spectral .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  applies   simplifying
truth:  applies   range

test:  extract the current function plugin plugin from the given logger .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  set the current subnet name .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  test either if an error is raised depending on the number of values .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   centers
truth:  test   labels

test:  estimate beta function for beta .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  use   increment
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parses the core site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   handles
truth:  parse   site

test:  return common newline common parse common configuration .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  removes a wsgi intercept call for host:port .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   drops
truth:  remove   call

test:  adds a message with the info level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  given a file name .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  tests   wanted
truth:  tests   filename

test:  a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  helper function for authentication .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  detect if the code is running in gce mode .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  detect   batch
truth:  detect   code

test:  compile the executive instance and install a global marker install .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  compile   unload
truth:  compile   client

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  validates that the value of a given auth is valid .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   offset
truth:  validate   parameters

test:  return a single valid away from a given get_queryset .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  find a value and integer for a given value .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  set the subtitle video chroma .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   intercepts
truth:  set   subtitle

test:  cache storage .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  cache   determine
truth:  cache   projects

test:  returns true if the given filename matches the matching patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  check   config
truth:  check   patterns

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   deflate
truth:  connect   config

test:  decodes the systems preferred preferred preferred locale .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  url generated certificates for course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  start   lstrip
truth:  start   set

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test installing with --compile and activate the scripts .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  puts text to show the console .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  delete   draws
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  return a base .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  override the following for sphinx .
truth: format sys . 
test:  format   inputhook
truth:  format   sys

test:  returns a tensor or tensor .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  migrates an image by r .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  wrap   trivial
truth:  wrap   connection

test:  compute the binary classification of the corresponding element of a given 1-d .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   attributes
truth:  given   arrays

test:  check to see if fulfills is a valid version for the specified version .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set windows and directory for a file or directory .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  ensure a given value exists .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  ensure   currents
truth:  ensure   state

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  remove the given image .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  deletes   restoring
truth:  deletes   data

test:  publish an exploration and update it .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   coordinates
truth:  pulls   exploration

test:  returns the appropriate number of cyclic estimate for a given string .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  calculate the kinetic logarithm of the probability distribution parameters energy : array-like img2 : float the activation widget .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  generate a module for all file .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  given a app instance .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  get a section search for a section .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  parameters obj - the object to be a subclass of filelike .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  filename   enhanced
truth:  filename   object

test:  returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   iterate
truth:  returns   auth

test:  download and extract a new record page@require .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  returns singular users .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  reads   executed
truth:  reads   dictionary

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  creates an rpc object for use with the images api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  attempt to get default access key access id from script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  attempt   emit
truth:  attempt   access

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  find the high-pass transformation for a sequence of samples .
truth: given data x . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  get the container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  returns   snaps
truth:  returns   pid

test:  get the top data for the top minion cli example: .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  helper method for when taking a command having to first .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  monkeypatch   extract
truth:  monkeypatch   version

test:  catch common l{key} signals .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  take   restart
truth:  take   account

test:  given an application .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  figure   stores
truth:  figure   name

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for the given subsystem .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  calls active implementation with the reactor until the reactor stops .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  adds   statsd
truth:  adds   timeout

test:  create a tuple from a json json row .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  create a worker that uses the lamps worker .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  uses a baremetal node to a baremetal node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  returns the primary key value for a data string .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  decorator for tests in setup .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  runs   flask
truth:  runs   times

test:  computes the maximum of an array at all lags .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  construct a dictionary of all published values for the ccx .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  compute the inverse of f(s) over the fundamental .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   labels
truth:  compute   transform

test:  like unicode .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  call   serialize
truth:  call   str

test:  sets the main field of the css file .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  convert a redundant brightness units to si harmonic .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  defines   exhaust
truth:  defines   conversion

test:  return true if the object is an instance method .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  make a color by a the color .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  produces   representing
truth:  produces   specification

test:  create an image file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   shuffle
truth:  creates   temp

test:  return an instance of the ico class .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  get   splitting
truth:  get   surface

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression arrow id .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns true if we know for certain that we can introspect this field .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  save the list of errors and restart .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  saves   identifies
truth:  saves   plugin

test:  return etc_services information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  list available modules .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  set   init
truth:  set   modules

test:  returns a mask to use in a mask or mask .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  compute   blend
truth:  compute   mask

test:  return the first column of the alphabet .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  create a pyparsing .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert an xml generated from a dict of text into a valid dictionary .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   patched
truth:  add   y

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid number .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  return the global signing uploading version .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   noise
truth:  returns   macos

test:  decorator for filters out of an event handler .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  register   rescales
truth:  register   event

test:  returns a set of all available widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  prepare wmt data for a given file and train using the following date .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  an invitation error page .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  add a tag descriptor to the integer mode .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  put   pulls
truth:  put   null

test:  generate a single graph of the given node .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return the master number of a decimal locale .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  split a list of parts into a list of tensors .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   craft
truth:  split   expr

test:  create a randomly generated field for an invariant field .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  print a single environment variable .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  dump   unquoting
truth:  dump   environment

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   logs
truth:  generate   vertices

test:  return the text before the left move to portion of the post .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  builds an provider location .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  format/beautify another base file .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  create extra fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   reproduces
truth:  create   loops

test:  unary_expression : sizeof unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the number of 1-indexed percentage for this query .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  computes   preloading
truth:  computes   host

test:  build a list of query to build a list of query for all .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   blocks
truth:  build   representation

test:  set the metadata of a range of result .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  set   simplifying
truth:  set   range

test:  check whether or not the hadoop directory for hadoop .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  run system path .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  plot a current style for past .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  helper to skip tests for svd .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to configure the configured probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   tear
truth:  calls   module

test:  returns an base64-encoded public headers .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  builds   stubbed
truth:  builds   headers

test:  clears internal caches for the animation .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   phred
truth:  clears   caches

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is missing .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   summarize
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  generates a random string of random characters .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  checks that an exception is raised in the given regexp .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  fail   shed
truth:  fail   exception

test:  run a function and retry it if it fails .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  restart   drops
truth:  restart   call

test:  return all list of all form whose names start with the given suffix .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  loads a class from a dotted path given its dotted path .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  loads   safe_octal
truth:  loads   class

test:  gpu convolution gradient with respect to input using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  decorator for concrete volume groups .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  pulls   trending
truth:  pulls   driver

test:  returns true if the object is a constant string .
truth: some functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  load the grammar .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  test with sale .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  returns a right-stochastic representation of the bipartite graph g .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  generate   preface
truth:  generate   degree

test:  return the install metadata for a linked package in a prefix .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   clearing
truth:  return   meta

test:  validate the tax configuration .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  validate   sparks
truth:  validate   number

test:  return the tetrahedral graph of the graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns data filename .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return a string containing the python version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test that the execute policy has been added to the small policy .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  url   pulls
truth:  url   null

test:  returns true if *obj* is changed and verbose_name_plural .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  check   remounts
truth:  check   obj

test:  returns the windows accordance either an extremely or the accordance .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  compute   raise
truth:  compute   term

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns true if n can be handled by p can do this node n .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  take a scalar python value and return a string representing corresponding python values .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  splits a title into appropriate display and titles .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  converts a logical logical sentence s to disjunctive normal form .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  create the entire directory and doesnt exist .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the organization datasources .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  open an action to a template .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  returns a list of the collections for the given service .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  check if csv file is a valid csv file .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  ensure   stored
truth:  ensure   #

test:  check for scaleway configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extracts a single form id from an http segments .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  turn on root handlers into temp .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  replace   backported
truth:  replace   handlers

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   expect
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the openweathermap sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  displays the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   temperature
truth:  displays   date

test:  validates that a key is a list or a list of valid objects .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validates   switch
truth:  validates   list

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  loads any data from disk for all-around .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  load   define
truth:  load   path

test:  check if the given flags are some flag .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  return an iterable of lock pairs .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  finds   search
truth:  finds   d

test:  return the latest version of the latest version .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  a generic sort of things .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  translate an app error to an identity error .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   capturing
truth:  translate   error

test:  dynamically load a class by looking up a class and name .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  calls a function in a transaction .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  export stats for use within a video file .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  stats   been
truth:  stats   format

test:  delete an image .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  handles bom .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a dictionary containing only used for us to url .
truth: get opt . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  deletes an disinherit .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  convert an hexadecimal string to a python l{int} name .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  translate   sparks
truth:  translate   number

test:  updates global state when the task is reserved .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   currents
truth:  updates   state

test:  aggregate the paginator for a post .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  check whether log translations are passed to the check .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   prioritized
truth:  -   messages

test:  raises an exception with a few worker .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  constructs a 2-element from an compute volume name .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  constructs   aligns
truth:  constructs   volume

test:  both two arrays t and b are equal .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  check if hadoop is present on the system .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  set   mocks
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a map string to a list of running events .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  wrap a method so it gets turned into command automatically .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   advised
truth:  wrap   commands

test:  returns a passed in object when using a variety of offset .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  builds   utf-8
truth:  builds   argument

test:  returns true if this xblock has visibility limited to this xblock .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   bdecodes
truth:  returns   xblock

test:  returns an iterator over all file names .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  opens   wanted
truth:  opens   filename

test:  update the local dmg repository .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   tabulate
truth:  update   makefile

test:  return information about all the specified kernel cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  create read-only fields and backref from vm and backref .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  identify the image in an format that is a relative url of the directory-like file .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  loop   disallow
truth:  loop   identifiers

test:  returns none if the given messages has a z: page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the vlanids to network associations .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  number of characters in a string .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  kill a process and all of its descendants .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  kill   snaps
truth:  kill   pid

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  returns a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  processes   switch
truth:  processes   list

test:  checks if a string represents a jid .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  loads a cluster options for demo_path as a pygments cluster .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  obtain   joins
truth:  obtain   cluster

test:  convert emr .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  returns true if the field has a valid unrendered .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  add a auto-register object to an active instance .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  returns true if the given value is a list .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  convert an ipv6 address to its local address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  generates a complete url for a request .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  generates a string of random word .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  get the slice along an object from a dimension .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  slice   releases
truth:  slice   axis

test:  adds a key to the provided url to the db url .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  apply a batch of certain indices to a specified voltage .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  creates or returns a list of child tags from a list of 2-element tuples .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  recreate   switch
truth:  recreate   list

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the base domain part of a url parameters url : str the url for the domain .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  generate a random classpath directory of a url .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using "lazy" loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   dotted
truth:  indicate   relationship

test:  return a list of all available kernel modules .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  ensure the email for the email timeout were not explicitly .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  open a two-dimensional stream to a clock .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   unload
truth:  execute   client

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  returns options used for the rawfile_json returner .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  a function to get the n-th widget from an actively container .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  split   labeled
truth:  split   file

test:  convert a numpy array of values to a list of column names .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  get   mutate
truth:  get   column

test:  on-disk implementation based on outputs .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  the risch is never be the arrays along the given axis .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  given input in this process .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  display a url .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  convert an image to a file or a standard image .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

