test:  reorder a list of order .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  null   merge
truth:  reorders   a

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  maps the supplied probes to the supplied set of the supplied probes .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  existing   test
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating records assigned to the current chart data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach total_watchers voters counter counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   total_watchers
truth:  attach   votes

test:  add a theme to the theme system .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   locale

test:  lookup autoescape type by its name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  null   guess
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert a path to a filesystem .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  null   filesystem
truth:  convert   path

test:  open a file in the local file .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  get   a
truth:  open   a

test:  deletes a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get grid grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  scale and convert a crafted shape file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  limit   get
truth:  null   bottom

test:  capture a screenshot definition to a screenshot .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  output   step
truth:  null   method

test:  runs a program and returns the program installed via it .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  generate   git
truth:  if   path

test:  request a problem to be rescored as entrance exam as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  to   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  redefine this fixture to change the init config file .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  fixture   get
truth:  redefine   null

test:  decorator for methods that should only be used .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a date formatted as a string using a datetime object .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  converts id into a beaker path to id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   task

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   homepage
truth:  null   home

test:  returns an iterable of the nodes of a directed graph .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  iterates   null

test:  find the user and group id .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  get   image
truth:  process   process

test:  read a cache and maps the heading to a list of wsdl tuples .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  given   a
truth:  set   a

test:  escape all special characters in a url .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  determine whether x is a white scalar .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  null   covariance
truth:  null   covariance

test:  only succeed if the given value contains a given value in the given value .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  find matching indices in the tree .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  finds   indices
truth:  indices   indices

test:  func func and sends a session .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  forgets   a
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  verifying   test

test:  replace special chars in a timestamp with a trailing / link value .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  fix   line

test:  check for use of code that maxout are superfluous .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   asserts
truth:  check   check

test:  split a query string into a list of query string .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  run a single container .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   logic

test:  return an absolute url based on a file path .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts any necessary post in http url to the http log .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  null   request
truth:  request   request

test:  given number of seconds .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  split estimator or kernel using estimator and train setup setup .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  solve   a
truth:  subset   subset

test:  executes a number of perticular crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  turns an iterable of truthy patterns into a tuple where the elements are equal .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  null   hex
truth:  given   null

test:  get the percentage of a bulk object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks two critical arrays .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  build or cloud or patterns according to a given patterns .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  command   entry
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  max replicasetwithprimary .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  returns   max_staleness
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task time slot start slot slot .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  start   start

test:  generate the credit: matrix that maps the senders value of collected .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yields   null

test:  helper function that returns the integration manager defined by class .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts value from the request .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  null   config
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  define a new :class: .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  name   a
truth:  defines   null

test:  check if a qt version is installed .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list servers servers for haproxy backend haproxy haproxy backend .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  wait   haproxy
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  the import files and not jpeg all the files and their data .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  return   add
truth:  go   null

test:  return a file hash used to render an already .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  swap the case of the matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  apply   swap
truth:  swap   swap

test:  solves a system using a specified relative path: function .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  solve   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  outputs an absolute path given by a given number of latest variable .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  change unusable password on user .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  use   strings
truth:  null   login

test:  compute square-free norm of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  executes the correlation matrix x .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume volume .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  press the keyboard button for volume up .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  ensure   press
truth:  press   press

test:  remove paths which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   endpoints
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  join a set of strings into a set of translation .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  runs   return
truth:  builds   a

test:  test packagefinder .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  specifying   calling
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  stl norm of jaspar .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  null   debug
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns two dictionaries of overlap between two dictionaries .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  cache   merge
truth:  given   null

test:  take the value passed as the destination setting .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   sets
truth:  take   null

test:  convert an iterable of bytes into a bytes .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  file   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  from english .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  given   content
truth:  shuts   null

test:  get the fully qualified name for this module .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  use   version
truth:  returns   version

test:  get the class name for a given classname .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shut down the windows will shutdown a running system in the wait time .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   server
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  sorting multiple sequences .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  use   notification
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-deployer start a deployment in openshift for any openshift deployments .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup sidebar .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  enable   enable

test:  generate a random password .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the action path of the given action .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  get   query
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   new
truth:  enable   enable

test:  entry point for api uploads .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  handle   decorator
truth:  null   api

test:  sends a signal .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  run   run

test:  set the global store of the tests .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of handlers that represent the given path .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  get   path
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  return true if slug is a numerical slug .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a key/value pair in couchdb .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  find a function in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  retrieves the distributed port from the ethernet device .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  get   return
truth:  turn   a

test:  assert that the name is none .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  check   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set a native object structure .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  convert   compare
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  will sets the simplest to the actual arbitrary arbitrary arbitrary element .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  uses   setup
truth:  finds   a

test:  remove small objects .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  connected   remove

test:  returns the url to the redirect url for the given section .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  construct   redirect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disable an users virtual machine on the system .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  resolves the module and pass it to the master .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  set   uses
truth:  null   null

test:  desktop_lockdown: an config-vars for a window .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  take   unicode
truth:  set   x

test:  create a sequence that does a sequence of variable this function generates a sequence of entries from a sequence .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  partitions   lists
truth:  create   dask

test:  get the value of a with a field in an environment variable .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  get   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  returns a list of the phase for a given browsing .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dump a mock list of files to the output directory .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  to   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_tag_without_context_parameter
truth:  expected   null

test:  generate a unique form for a given sqlalchemy model class .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  get   a
truth:  form   form

test:  convert the file path to a folder by the current folder .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  file   a
truth:  if   null

test:  clear all tags provided .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if a given port is a valid integer .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  finds the bipartite bipartite graph .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  find   find

test:  takes a set of python data .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  rules   markdown
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  make a literal? callable for all places in a transaction .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  stores   null
truth:  replace   a

test:  returns a list of existing page paths of the generated paths .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  get   page
truth:  return   return

test:  simple view that returns a account account .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  shared   a
truth:  set   up

test:  enqueue a remote function .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  log   a
truth:  null   method

test:  helper function to get user email address for a given email .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  to   return
truth:  look   up

test:  load qualifier only .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start a legend for a too thread .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  download   show
truth:  function   function

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  sleep   sleep
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  displays the list of modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  print   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load an object from a pickle file .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  update or raise if it does not exist or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  remove a value from emerge_default_opts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  remove latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  latex   latex
truth:  latex   latex

test:  display a corresponding index in the background values .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  renames   categories
truth:  display   display

test:  set the current connection .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  update   update

test:  calculate deltas of the diversity sum of a list of pairs this scipys on each editing .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convenience function for getting an error thrown by eliot .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  handles   error
truth:  checks   a

test:  flag an existing file .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  load   null
truth:  verify   create

test:  return the not used for the formated .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generates a group of group title in group .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generates a tls data from the given path .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  null   function
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  yield all of the dependencies of a specific plugin .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check if the collection is a exps private .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  register   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  testing that comments are passed in single quotes using a single proposed quotes and quotes it should work on a single quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get task info .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a timestamp into a timezone-aware timestamp .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a generator that takes the given graph and the nodes from the given graph .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  generate   unpack
truth:  return   return

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  merge merge .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   secant
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a service .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  pack a yaml stream into an friendly object .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  signal   deserialize
truth:  object   object

test:  fixture that returns a list of requested extensions for all available packages .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  sets   hook
truth:  override   override

test:  wrapper to build a actual server .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   function
truth:  build   build

test:  test uninstall from svn .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  returns the number of patterns that are up to .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   dependencies
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  delete packages which were automatically installed as dependencies and is not required anymore jail .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  unset   script
truth:  displays   null

test:  helper function for computing ynm .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sync returner modules from salt://_wheel to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   state
truth:  sync   sync

test:  call the desktop traceback to wrap a standard python interpreter .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  null   null

test:  deserialize any pending contributors .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  null   request
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns the objects id of an object .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  link   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns whether the argument passed is a type .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   parameters

test:  creates a new database .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  wrapper for numpy .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  coordinates   command
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert inputs to 1 .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns the currently active language bidi .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  override   override

test:  open devices from devices .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  list   list
truth:  iterate   null

test:  wraps a function or a callable .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  wrap   load
truth:  null   functools

test:  get host changes directly for an connected network or list of hosts .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  run   run
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live live results for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:release plugin <release+plugin> .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters that are not in a buffer .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  replace   escape
truth:  insert   insert

test:  support function for copy_reg to pickle and other modules .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  reduce   null

test:  returns the value for the given callable .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  value   returns
truth:  null   psutil

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  performs a list of python objects .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   python
truth:  searches   python

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  remove work .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  called   filedescriptor
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  returns a ca list with all but the keys in the given sequence .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  helper method to determine if the given line contains arithmetic arithmetic arithmetic operator .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  does   null
truth:  return   return

test:  serializes a value to json and encodes it using json .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  encoding   method
truth:  serializes   a

test:  deletes a show global configuration from the show list .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   build

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  waits for either active active active or the system supports a function with no account and timeout seconds .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  extracts the xmodule urls and returns a list of xmodule paths that represent javascript files in the given pipeline .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  get   urls
truth:  returns   a

test:  sends an email to your email address .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  send   null
truth:  email   email

test:  returns a list of lists of directories that are not in the given host .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in p2g format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   encoding
truth:  read   graph

test:  convert a variable to a variable .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  null   null
truth:  casts   a

test:  context manager to capture the given output groups .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a network acl for the given network .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  return the binary value for the given kind .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  value   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the translated revision in a locale .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  apply an admission fact to the facts dict updated with build .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  migrage   nodename
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  test that you cant use a use esx up on 1 .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  tests   reboot
truth:  log   log

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   ovs
truth:  register   linux

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the attributes that can be used by an element .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  test   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the currently installed versions as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a ring for since a sequence of block .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  convert common pre-order mapping file behavior to cumulants as many cumulants as moments references kenneth lange: numerical analysis .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  returns   range
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse out results which have been sent in the request .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  return   a
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  returns true if the given content user on this system .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test that you are running on a url with a changed error link .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  load   test
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  handle legacy updates of eigenvalue so all eigenvalue in explicit creation of a person pt-br .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  give   update
truth:  persists   new

test:  return an stdout containing a package containing a given key .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  find   input
truth:  determine   a

test:  remove the named file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return netstat for information on a user cli example: .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns the list of files specified by the given vector of recorder .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  inserts a new query and set all items into the database .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  build   parameters
truth:  null   generic

test:  turns a list of arrays into a list of list of arrays .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a list of tags for the current mongodb .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  remove files or directories from the destination .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  get path to sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  build   sys
truth:  get   sys

test:  take a binary string into a binary .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  convert   data
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a signed biosql file and return it .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  map all the plugins to a template string and return the group .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  get   get

test:  callback for the soundcloud to the new option .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  writes   callback
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  converts given string to a continuous string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  print   print

test:  the main view for the admin page .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  return   default
truth:  to   null

test:  generate image memory from the passed cache .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   pull
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the / skew at time skew in array .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  calculates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  displays a list of rotation rotation .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  null   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  projects a full projects .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  null   projects
truth:  list   site

test:  library for zen editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  search   search
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns whether or not the passed object is a valid python object .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail when a review user is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  load the function spec .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   a

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: status add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  encode a path into utf-8 encoded words .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  zoom in a single image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  null   images
truth:  zoom   in

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom lock .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  validate request since response has been seeded in another response .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  if   convenience
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get unit changes for unit .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  returns   settings
truth:  returns   units

test:  return a json-compatible representation for a type .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  given   a

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  filter a list of file objects that represent a each of its object .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  test that an error keypoints is a color of a color with a color .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   censure

test:  takes a dataset and ) .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  add   add

test:  compact the contents of obj to a python object .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load the scores from a given directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  given   load
truth:  return   a

test:  reload apache resources .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  find   change
truth:  null   reload

test:  return the first element of a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  use the flask-security method on your export-aria2 via the reference .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  recursively get all package filepaths from global directories .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the aws location for the specified provider .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load variable-size int from byte array .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  compute quantum node statistics for nodes in a template .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  implements   a
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  move a file from one location to another .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   a
truth:  moves   null

test:  detects all file in a movie .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  analyze   a
truth:  run   a

test:  pull out the given function in the given .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  executes   a

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  unsubscribe watching a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   stop

test:  set the e for the current thread or finished .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   script
truth:  set   defaults

test:  checks if a given user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   find

test:  restart all nodes in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   callback
truth:  restart   restart

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the current settings in the template .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  null   failure
truth:  is   null

test:  does the commit itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  call the given function with the given arguments .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure memory reallocation are close to any other nodes .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  return   null
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the given permissions are forwarded in the given schema .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  user tries to .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse iso 8601 format string to a :class:~werkzeug format .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate shortest path of a sequence of :class:path objects .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can point passed to steps .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   scenario

test:  create a dict matching a pixels .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  track   sql
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  turn a paypal version string into a tuple .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  convert   version

test:  convert integer in binary form to an integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  raises   integer
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return the gaussian distribution for a given vector .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  view all the local callback widget widget .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  place   view
truth:  receives   null

test:  converts host string to hex host .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the full output error code for cmd .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the given descriptors is registered .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  default   null
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all tenants for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  execute a binary via smtp .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  creates a new command with a given name .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  specified   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  update commands and shows the config file .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  drop the points around the same average as a hypothesis .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert a resource protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  update file and put the file in the file .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  retrieve   file
truth:  update   head

test:  get sass dependencies that need to be added to be found in the system .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   replacement
truth:  list   list

test:  read a result file and handle any simple alias .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  processes a route by looking out of the given path .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  resolve   variant
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a unique compatible hashed key given the given secret .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  verify   multi
truth:  computes   a

test:  given an otu map file need to be written into an (0) map file this function is the url where clause sequence of the otu missing .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  extracts   otu
truth:  list   list

test:  main page processes .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  start   page
truth:  is   null

test:  try to find all thumbnails in the given file .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  import a dotted path in the given path .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a crc32 checksum of a file .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  command   sql
truth:  null   version

test:  add a capability capability args: source : the capability to install source : the capability for the capability .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  add   add
truth:  install   a

test:  flip the image .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   image
truth:  flip   null

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  retrieves the base lun name for a volume .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  to   a
truth:  base   base

test:  check to see if an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  search for all python related files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   routine
truth:  search   search

test:  install this package as a function to be called in a subprocess .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  install   install
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  get the item from the course .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  access   null
truth:  obtains   null

test:  return true if the given line looks like a version or false if the version or tarball .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  return disk usage in a path .
truth: given a path . 
test:  return   manager
truth:  given   a

test:  return containers that belong to a package .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  convert a numpy/scipy .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  build clonespec config object for the template specified by the template .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  builds   build
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : string convert a long integer to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  multiply the carving of a gcode file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  scale   a
truth:  null   bottom

test:  provide makepatch patch variables that have the corresponding date .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  function   config
truth:  create   a

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   prints
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the applied feature size of a and those in a matrix .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  give   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns the number of keys required to load a module .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  module   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture that mocks and returns a fixture to be used when the test functions is run .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  position position in the current selector .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  given   find
truth:  query   a

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  test removing a numpy .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   kinds

test:  map download all the layer in a local local layer as an api .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  is   null

test:  get the actual photo for a given file .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  file   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  assign @todo: modes for "ref" .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  create   lhs

test:  compare two list_ops list_ops .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  list the metadata for a source upload .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  prints   export
truth:  get   get

test:  average true range .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  flow   flow

test:  load a list of files .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  module   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   null
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture to return a context object .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  require   resources
truth:  null   a

test:  takes a string argument and a variable number that argument .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  like   null
truth:  function   function

test:  splits a dataset and return it as a dataset .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  split   up

test:  get all defined networks or raise if it does not exist .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  get   context
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the given url resolves against the default url resolver .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  flatten a list of lists into one big player .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  set up the pylitejet sensor .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  setup   states
truth:  initialize   null

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  load   virtual
truth:  to   rename

test:  scan one line of python and look up values of python variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   one
truth:  scan   one

test:  test psdestimator with psdestimator .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday -- converts django command to pig wordoftheday -- the wordoftheday command .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate time-staggered filter for test based on array of circular samples .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  tie   correction

test:  produce an status .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  returns   status

test:  main text input from the client .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   a
truth:  input   input

test:  returns: the canonicalized absolute pathname .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convenience function to create a new identity setting and return the identity class .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  compute the resource index of the graph g .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  repeat timer object and resets the timer to be the same statement .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  fix   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  translate a shell-like pattern to a compiled pattern .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  test cache of a postorder using pearsons jinja .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  compare two objects difference given .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return the value of a plugin manager .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  null   plugin
truth:  obtain   a

test:  check if system state would be changed .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  runs   check
truth:  if   null

test:  apply function to dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  gets an matchmark object from the given string with a given keywords name .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  take as input a list of fields and returns a single query string .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  list   a
truth:  given   null

test:  wrapper for circular display .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  split   task
truth:  displays   a

test:  check to see if the group has all the defined credentials .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  has   null

test:  verify whether the snmp traps is enabled .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  sphinx table text file .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  generate   analyze
truth:  sample   sample

test:  list all feedback workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  returns a list of valid instances .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  formats   create
truth:  parses   a

test:  grab the kernel option of a given instance .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  generate   generate

test:  if the settings for the settings .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  unicode   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  function that displays the right color by skew within a cubehelix function .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  adjust   function
truth:  return   custom

test:  prepare a fancyarrow implementation .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  check   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of none of none connected to the apps with node .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  is   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  spawn a stream of public extensions .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  null   a
truth:  spawn   a

test:  returns url .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  defines   index
truth:  null   null

test:  change the users home phone .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  password   change
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that all indices along an axis .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  function   null
truth:  check   check

test:  kill all jobs currently installed on the system .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  kill   signal
truth:  sends   a

test:  this view is for getting requests .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  null   return
truth:  view   view

test:  a method to wait for a python object to be given .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  fire   fire

test:  returns continuation of a token .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the cpu is currently running on the system .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  flags   null
truth:  if   check

test:  calculate the sampled loss for both inputs and sampled .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  returns   loss
truth:  weighted   null

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  load   work
truth:  work   work

test:  check whether there is an instance where there are a certain instance .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  if   check

test:  perform a python object .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  format   a
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get an indexed grid from the grid and add .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes timings and other entities from memcache and other them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  used   delete
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  takes database: xml elements and creates nested xml elements .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   header
truth:  create   a

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  ensure that the named rule is absent .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> 1 .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  returns true if given stream is valid .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transforms any exceptions into a message .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  handles   requests
truth:  transforms   a

test:  patch python operation for arguments by now .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  patch   replace
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  this view shows the list of best needed to generate a response for a given dictionary .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a url to be used when the given url or the given url .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  return   url
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invalidates a hash in the new jndi file .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  open   a
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  tokenize text .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  return   a

test:  sets a collection type .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  load   a
truth:  build   build

test:  get a height that will correctly dom ratio ratio .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute one loss of one loss function .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   classification

test:  return file uid or path uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  return   paths

test:  this is the caused function that is a copy of the config .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the function name for a function .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  tries to work out the country from a country code .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  save an application token to an existing blob .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  add   a
truth:  stores   stores

test:  return the list of all infodef mode .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  file   return
truth:  returns   current

test:  parse a media-range .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a text block for a given name .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check if we can check this dictionary .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the description of a path .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  iterate over a key .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  given   virtual
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format a buffer for repositories in a buffer of text .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  make sure expressions can produce integers .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  set up a grid of weather and function .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  setup   login
truth:  null   a

test:  load an songs file and save it to v2 .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  convert   create
truth:  open   playlists

test:  get an action resource by name .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if filename is a pow .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   framework

test:  modify the custom matlab method .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  backup   a
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  returns the current .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that attempts to use an s3 deleter results in an s3 deleter results .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of targets in the target .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  use   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine the action for an in-process instance cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  gets the list of projects that have been sent by the batch-wise .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return system-wide cpu tot time as a named tuple .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a 64-bit list of ipv6 addresses .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that currently logged-in user has specified permission for the specified permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  turns a single blast file into a single blast object .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  calculate the old license titles .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  quote an argument so that its the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  sorts   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  delete an application .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  translates the response headers and create the response with the given gle .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  makes   response
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  resolves   version
truth:  null   helper

test:  plugin the datasource class .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  filter   data
truth:  function   function

test:  test for models .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload the library .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  null   style

test:  helper to generate the external id for use in the config domain to manipulate .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sets the current process in the os .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function for akritas-strzebonski-vigklas .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  splits   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of longer-running jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  control   control
truth:  test   job

test:  view to custom authentication form .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  form   view
truth:  if   null

test:  apply the sympy product of a tensor product of matrices .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  null   indices
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a new virtual machine cli example: .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to set and all registered functions .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  export   shutdown
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  searches a list of file names to create a directory .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  return true if the given release is a release release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  importer tests under vispy .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  shut   trace
truth:  mock   mock

test:  create a default folder .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  performs multivariate asquare filter on an oversampled plot .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  null   error
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  returns the versioned type for a resource .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check that a source has inside the nearest space .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  check   source
truth:  to   helper

test:  this function takes a list of slices slices and an array of slices slices and an array of slices slices .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  perform   data
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  remove file .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  create   create

test:  check that each of data is a dict .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  verify   data
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  divide maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  compute   maximum
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  iterate over a corpus path and find its contents .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  iterate   filter
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create or create or *basename* .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  create   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister event manager .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  null   event
truth:  register   register

test:  return a list of users configured on the organization cli example: .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create and return the actual actual links in the href .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  make   null

test:  parse a composites line of the current systems line .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  parse   urlparse
truth:  return   a

test:  a synonym for des seconds .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   call
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a valid format for use as a valid format .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the given part of a numeric part .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serialize exception .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  dumps   replace
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  execute linux command .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  list   pad
truth:  does   a

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  calculate average score from imageproperties .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  null   test
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  configure the kivys we will run once for a thread thread .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  create   everything
truth:  start   start

test:  optimize all globally jobs on an node or a node .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  return   node
truth:  context   context

test:  get value from an arbitrary string .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  read a pickle file .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  null   uses
truth:  pickled   load

test:  setup logging for the script .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  setup   logging
truth:  sets   up

test:  restful crud controller - could be used for searching for people by skill - not yet be compiled on profile .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  replace html characters with a single space character .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  replace   server
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  returns the jacobi approximation of the jacobi instanceactionapi instanceactionapi .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  updates the installed packages cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   return

test:  send a notification event on a topic .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  creates a new keyczar db or update existing existing existing update object in the db .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  create   create

test:  single receivable view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a posix name to a pathname .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  change   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  custom view for the first field that are present in the integer .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  return   length
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if there is a eliminate tool .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  if   null

test:  if python is installed .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  poll   shell
truth:  display   nipype

test:  performs a request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  wraps a template with a string and returns the first one that is not in the template .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  view   part
truth:  return   a

test:  assert that the given index is a product for the product .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  asserts   compatibility
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get global environment variables for this application .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  show   show

test:  check to see if the given device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  function   swap
truth:  if   check

test:  submits the release release barcode .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submit   user
truth:  submits   a

test:  deserialize blobs from csf .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  query   lookup
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the value corresponding to a given instance label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a configuration object for the configuration .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  tag   tag

test:  performs the active link on the current environment .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  avoid   link
truth:  creates   classes

test:  get decorators from ast to be able to determine the list of average methods .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  value   get
truth:  null   a

test:  handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a field .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  subtract   pick
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via env .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  consume   tests
truth:  take   a

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copies the operator in an operator to a matrix .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transposes   null

test:  set up & run a publisher from an set of file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  wait   block
truth:  block   block

test:  save the telemetry .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  save   create
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if the minion matches the given matcher target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image or raise if it does not exist .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  record   lists
truth:  find   find

test:  solves a first activation using the respective folder .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  solves   loops
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  marks up values as satisfying satisfying 1 .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  removed   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this function replaces the form: type string into a dictionary .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  load   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  raising out the remote token to send in an object .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  initialise   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return none where a scalar are stored .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator to mark a function as not a serialized .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  returns   multiple
truth:  null   decorator

test:  open a file in a python file .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a standard input stream based on the input stream .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  like   edges
truth:  strip   a

test:  test overlapping bug that arose from having overlapping output .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  generate a certificate file and adapter .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  update   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  returns true if windows is a ctypes console .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all the installed plugins cli example: .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  runs   update
truth:  run   run

test:  convert a path or a path that is suitable as relative to the final real format .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  expands   path
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns the category of the discussion category if it exists .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a dict and returns a securely .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   commands

test:  generate an ordered dictionary of bokeh objects as a dictionary .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  executes   return
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a group message .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  echo text to a hierarchy of text .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  log   function
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  read raw fif data as raw object .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  read   history
truth:  function   function

test:  add a observer section to a non-interactive .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   target

test:  returns the cylinder between all extract and the iterate .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  given   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns the default currency used for the default currency .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  use   use

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  close the image at the end of matplotlib .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  close   close
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  processes the scope to get the currently set of this page from the currently note that the user is currently up to the process .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   connect

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the dacl of the object aces aces .
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  returns a translation object for intel by name .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator only .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  test the docinfo feature .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  inline   images
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  returns the path to the root directory containing all global state created on the source .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  a decorator that skips a test function as a function that allows a vagrant .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  start   log
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  queues a system email for a user .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  change   password
truth:  queues   a

test:  load a yaml file and return a vector .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test that incremented function performs a development development .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  open a cache connection .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the filename of the cache for the cache location .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the absolute path of a blocking .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  multiply   return
truth:  multiply   a

test:  create upload url for local file .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  upload   upload

test:  creates a directory atomically .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  will update modified timestamp timestamp on the provided objects when the modified timestamp has been created .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   sets
truth:  update   update

test:  copy descriptor from % to key .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  copy   exception
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  update task status .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   calls
truth:  update   update

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  check   inverse
truth:  see   null

test:  check for a value of x .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  direct   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if n == a selfridge test .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   lucas

test:  returns true if the current gtk should be downloaded .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  create a url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the quadratic generalized field of a quadratic polynomial .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  gets   helper
truth:  compute   field

test:  require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  look through the buckets cache file for a match .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  look   uses
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a free object that is valid .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  url   a
truth:  url   url

test:  parse options and run checks on python 2 .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  command   find
truth:  return   a

test:  give a list of page where the user can get the page or the page should the page passed .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  sets the current connection and password for the client .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  null   quota
truth:  update   update

test:  a decorator that checks if the current user has an exploration play .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add a list of features to an features object .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  add   add

test:  test that samphub cannot exist and on-disk are marked as place .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the default prefix for temporary directories as bytes .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  default   default
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  create   paste
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test timeit special special special special special special special special special special special special special special special special special special special special special special special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  write a value to a gpio .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  fix the unicode code .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  null   source
truth:  fixed   return

test:  disconnect all .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  disconnect   escape
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  load a full file from a 'visual' .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   path

test:  returns true if contents is valid .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  add if the segment overlaps inside the x segment inside the x segment inside the x segment inside the x segment if it does not exist inside the x inside
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generates an ssh key for the current page and updates the environment .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  sessions the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  wrap   reboot
truth:  return   return

test:  list all contents within the show by the show command .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  list   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the unpause dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns a follows from a given user .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  tests   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse mac address and validate mac address .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a signed biosql file and return it .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  decorator for caching .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  create   converts
truth:  wraps   null

test:  calculates the cut for a given stems .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert an integer to its canonical .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  explicitly fix an case with the given name .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  fix   like
truth:  null   locale

test:  list the ostypes items in a list .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   return
truth:  list   list

test:  checks that the condition is valid .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   b
truth:  if   check

test:  get the leading loop from loop .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  return   a
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  performs an individual power on the server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  server   a
truth:  null   one

test:  guess the first statement of the first statement .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  null   graph
truth:  given   a

test:  simple test for shutil .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   null

test:  parses an entry into a single entry .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  predict false for false .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  compute f - g*h where f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an optional argument with the given argument .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  null   argument
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a requests response as a plain header .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  attach   order
truth:  attach   response

test:  test reader .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  verify   regression
truth:  test   test

test:  get the list of info that can be used internally .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  hps a sound time representation of the execution of a sound file containing synchronization date .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  scaling   scaling
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  read in the fragment of a file and reads the buckets .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersection indexes for the index from the index .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns an approximate url for a category .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  null   worksheet
truth:  null   category

test:  merge two dicts .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  remove a task from the given project .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  clear all available regions for the amazon plugin .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  clear   running
truth:  tear   null

test:  returns all elements of the given node .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of png chunks .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   like
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the chordal graph .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a value from makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  calculate the binary entropy of a sequence of cross entropy .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  null   accepts
truth:  computes   binary

test:  multiply each of the created by the distance matrix .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  converts   lookup
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  read a name from a file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  code   code

test:  context manager that asserts that an crypto crypto exception is raised .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  code   null
truth:  context   context

test:  convert a string containing cell reference to a string .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  reset the given command to the beginning of the given path .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  reset   ssh
truth:  resets   null

test:  dipole potential to one or more boto_kinesis box .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  null   null

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  null   app
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a query from the given name .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  this function returns a boot copy .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  format a number in bytes format to human readable format .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  formats   format
truth:  format   a

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a numpy array to a array .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   converter

test:  returns the configuration of the machine cli example: .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the staff settings .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  null   display
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get the current user .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  get   statistics
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the perticular matrix .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  used   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  maps a groups of recently recently to a given router .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the hadamard of the principal date .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  calculate   truncate
truth:  sum   sum

test:  test whether the python shell is an ipython shell shell .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  task time slot stop page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  handle   new
truth:  stop   stop

test:  periodic the user by an existing subset of a subset .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  log   null
truth:  figure   figure

test:  add a color on the hsv .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  color   color
truth:  color   color

test:  encrypt the given request with the given request object .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  use   create
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a service account for the given account .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   integration
truth:  get   service

test:  returns true if the user can edit the given app .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  a hack to run a local file as a proxy which contains switches .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  builds   get
truth:  build   build

test:  test method provided when not provided .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  test   null
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  limit the appropriate request to compare and get the list of resources .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  call   a
truth:  null   api

test:  parse a series of tokens into a series of the supported token .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  numpy implementation of a stable stable stable stable .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  return a union of two lists .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  make   arrays
truth:  does   null

test:  get two recursively date .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  for mapreduce .
truth: two branches . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  null   branches

test:  parse a configuration file .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a class for a prettier .
truth: return method class . 
test:  null   method
truth:  return   method

test:  mean detrend activation function .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  return   x

test:  return local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  subtract   return
truth:  return   image

test:  return readonly indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parses a count containing the number of objects .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   return
truth:  parses   a

test:  leap year detect detect detect 1 of a leap year .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  return   working
truth:  return   a

test:  load manifest from all subdirectories .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  update   update

test:  a task that returns the inlines text .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  null   html
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all of the available state modules cli example: .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  change the owning to this process and group .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  change   change
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return true if num is a power of power or four .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  if   test

test:  get connection info about all backend .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  iterate   name
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if a given datetime object is an adatetime at the windows tukeyhsd window .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  gets the mnist dataset and the returned hash .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  creates and returns the clique bipartite graph for all functions .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute the given function or raise an exception if it does not raise a proper exception .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  like   function
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the nth coefficient of an nth function .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  return   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a string .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  returns   utf8
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test drawing arcs using ellipsevisual without transform it into ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   reactive
truth:  test   reactive

test:  enable masquerade on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   uninstall
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  return content from text and return as a string .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  read   content
truth:  read   read

test:  given a document .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  normalizes   normalize
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  nested   a
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  set interactive used for interactive .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  installs   output
truth:  turn   null

test:  parse an ipv4 address into an integer .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  parse   validate
truth:  convert   mac

test:  changing changing .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  disk => sign .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  find   row
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  creates a chain of sets of mine from a chain .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  processes   a
truth:  null   mine

test:  returns bearing based on cylindrical and end of the bearing in the guide guide .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  text   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deletes an elasticsearch elasticsearch .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  calculates the knn function for each class .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} external dependencies:: virtual package resolution requires aptitude .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone naive .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  ensure   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  reboot the system .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  parse the arguments for the application .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parses   line
truth:  parse   parse

test:  attach a torrent directory to the given directory .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  calculate   utf-8
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  convert a string to a native composite .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  show   up
truth:  encode   a

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  prompt a user to prompt the user .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  question   null
truth:  based   null

test:  convert a square-free list to a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  compute   compute

test:  robust robust covariance matrix if n is a random distance between 0 .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get a http thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return information on a specific raid device cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  return   dns
truth:  get   get

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  convert a pem string to a len() format .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  gets the current metric by name .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  string   get
truth:  change   change

test:  execute an hadoop command and return the output .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  run   +

test:  verify the messages differ in an array is a valid shorthand .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  mail   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  print a list of all the files contained in the packages .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  executes   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  utility function to coerce a url to a protocol .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  given   null

test:  dump the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  writes   log
truth:  log   log

test:  computes polynomial composition of f and g in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  prints product of product of item .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  called   prints
truth:  displays   a

test:  gets time in milliseconds since epoch .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if we can skip this module to skip this module .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  long line candle .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   line
truth:  modified   null

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   a
truth:  select   a

test:  another wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  use   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  handles the values of a /proc/cpuinfo file and a folder with a virtual host .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  null   suspend
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a string to list of codons in typical format .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  generate   generate

test:  computes multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  report   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  returns root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   root
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  replacement for cinder with an explicit timeout with the given shown id .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 v2 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  send   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  only load if grafana is installed .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   format
truth:  return   statistics

test:  creates a new formatters .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  build   a

test:  create a pipeline from multiple many arrays .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  process   append
truth:  if   null

test:  find tag that start with the given tag .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   filter
truth:  tag   tag

test:  whitespace normalization: - prefer all lines - called by spaces .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  shorten   serialize
truth:  separate   line

test:  redirects the given location and returns a response .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  send   utility
truth:  to   redirects

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  import a class by name .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return the pub key to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filter the list of dicts of dicts .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  returns   predicate
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  dont accept nothing .
truth: just return . 
test:  do   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a ticket .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a recaptcha challenge field that allows the given recaptcha to authenticate .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  submits   a

test:  convenience function: tries to set several parameter values .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  set   a
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a network range given the first address and last last last ip address .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  summarize   a

test:  accepts a dict with notes in the notes .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  return   features
truth:  notes   notes

test:  return all global-level defined in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager which captures the backprop mode on a given thread .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a text to html .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  given   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  check that the local agent is present in the this endpoint type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   agent
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read input input as ints .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  read   url
truth:  read   a

test:  a background with a background times .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  null   root
truth:  running   background

test:  view tool groups of a directed security instance .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  retrieves   number
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns true if g is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a qicon for the current review board version .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  given   version
truth:  take   null

test:  group of inspect .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  remove all courses courses in the course descriptor .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  given   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the date url for the given outgoing url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  returns   replace
truth:  bounce   a

test:  gets the media prefix for the given params and populates the template prefix with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  run the bootstrap event in the managed server .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  bootstrap   null
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  build the docker client certificates in the cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  open   a

test:  parse the host and return it .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  generates reason for invalid email .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  given   null
truth:  determine   reason

test:  loads a certificate from the certificate and returns it if the certificate is present .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   node
truth:  create   node

test:  delete a post .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  verify   method
truth:  to   method

test:  performs an authentication cipher checks that the given request are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  receive   null
truth:  if   null

test:  popup text to the popup of the widget .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  to   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  generate a generator for filtering files in chimera .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  include   changes
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the host name for this mongodb .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   way

test:  gets the score from the days .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a server is supposed to run only on server .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  decorator to skip test if condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove the original log teardown .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  remove   remove

test:  ensure that diskcache .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  writes the given file with the given path to the users private key .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  registers an image function to be cleaned up at the end of the module .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  computes up if two sqlobject saves are hacked by a set of tensors tensors in a and b .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  find common common paths in the language of all paths in the path list and return a dictionary of paths .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  virtual virtual machine is given its full virtual machine .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  verify   clones
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  get pillar segments from loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   segments

test:  the python sqlite3 for the css document .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test that moto correctly fullfills a spot instance associated with a spot instance of all existing spot .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   add
truth:  test   test

test:  build markdown hash .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  build   home
truth:  list   muting

test:  get the current schema cli example: .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a tuple of the arrays that have been on their names .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a callback function to a python object using a callback and converts it to a callback line .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  create   options
truth:  were   null

test:  return the static page index .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  rule : rule { field_seq } .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   rule

test:  generate nodes for each nodes of the graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a list of the vms that are installed by the provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  clone a repo .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  copy   changes
truth:  clones   a

test:  execute a csr via the csr command and return the csr string containing the csr as managed .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  execute   read
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the softmax function at p .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a unicode object to a unicode string .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   try

test:  once up a git title .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  upgrade upgrade entry point to make address fit -> str .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  create   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  make sure the spelling is correct .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  show   lists
truth:  check   spelling

test:  calculate the gaussian kl divergence of a gaussian kl .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  display the staff auth dictionary of username for the given course .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  catches   a
truth:  logout   logout

test:  bind a system to its iana .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  process a numerical window .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test the iba error accuracy .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return the network device if it cannot be used .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns true if the given node is an abstract builtin .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  test git with two "names" pointing to the same commit .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  backend   test
truth:  backend   backend

test:  if a user and credentials have a new endpoint .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  renders   default
truth:  return   a

test:  return the minimum dominating set for g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   minimum

test:  turn any encoded lines in the string to matches their way: way: dir .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the imgs tan representation of a numpy image .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  takes   find
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  unquote the given string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  builds a dictionary to fills fills html file .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  build   changes
truth:  return   return

test:  binds tables that can be spacing .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test adding digits to digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   performance

test:  this function returns the not-in-place frame at all the beginning of the script .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  null   python

test:  retain a media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  increments   media
truth:  retain   a

test:  check a page is a valid page .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  ensure that when a user is created .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  verifies fasta scores according to current quality scores .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return an annotated header that is present in the accept header .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  accept   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  saves current setting to a list .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  direct   null
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns a diff of sequences .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  print   print

test:  convert a line to a 3d line .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a row of child elements in a feature to an array .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  convert   multiple
truth:  convert   a

test:  the tree transforms .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   iteration

test:  cast a double double complex to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  use   a
truth:  cast   a

test:  adds a route table from the given route .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  replaces   a

test:  gets the environment changes from the environment vars by the memcache middleware .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  get   a

test:  list rabbitmq virtual networks .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  return   permissions
truth:  return   a

test:  rewrite rewrite .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  teardown   a
truth:  sets   status

test:  nest node requirements to always be changed after a process has changed .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  download   manager
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get new and save + metrics from google analytics and save .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  importing   null
truth:  question   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a status code indicating that the request was met for a service .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  configure the default migration to be used for this page .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  set   parent
truth:  executes   null

test:  checks that the module is present in the subdirectory .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  check   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  test to ensure that hugs type correctly handles a range of values .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get a batch of data that is valid on the provider .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   utility

test:  parse a string containing a pem-encoded <privatekey> .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check database tables .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  collect   returns
truth:  make   null

test:  download the latest usable in the access web page .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator to indicate that a method is a task to be used .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  compute   decorator
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  concatenate elements .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  concatenate   powers
truth:  join   join

test:  return a new end-of-file time suitable for rfc 2822 .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates and returns an instance of the given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wsgi entry point .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check that the ipv6 is available on this host .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  check   check
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity for nodes in a graph .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize a new api connection .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  establish   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the support for a given terminal .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  find   a
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  print a block to stdout .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  null   jinja2
truth:  print   print

test:  update the current user .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  updates   filesystem
truth:  updates   updates

test:  if output is installed .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  notify   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns statistics about the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  list   information
truth:  runs   runs

test:  remove all duplicates from duplicates .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  remove   nodes
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  test that the shortest boolean should not create a new boolean of the columns .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the qute:log .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  samples   fraction
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a feature is enabled .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  are   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a tensor with shared variable .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  create   null
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic tensor variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add x path output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot the system at the given system .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  the restful handler for import show to be configured in the context .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  null   display
truth:  null   null

test:  modify a databases to a mysql server cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  host   quota
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  comb   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  return paths that isnt all python modules inc .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the queryset of all the given request .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test if the given node is a transient namespace .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   collar
truth:  add   collar

test:  physicists continuous function .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  value   up
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compute exponential correlation model for theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  correlation   signal
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  send json for a list of dictionaries or capture cli example: .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  get   server
truth:  lookup   info

test:  retrieves the specified pathspec from the host .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  return   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a set containing a set .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a commit request object .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point clone of a mount point clone .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a list of mf files into a dictionary of python files .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  convert   lists
truth:  return   return

test:  this function computes the closest matches that a given closest matches the given monocular matches the closest matches to the given monocular matches that the given closest .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  get   get

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  view function that returns the http auth .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  context   context

test:  check to see if a folder exists .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  quote an args for nt .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  decorator converts a function into a decorator by replacing a decorator that grants the caller function by the caller .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  use   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  run patch as a postgres .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  patch   patches
truth:  run   a

test:  ensure all elements of all present .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  pull remote account .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  account   test
truth:  be   null

test:  get the certificate on a certificate in a certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  null   return
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  place   vocabulary
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get descendant random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   ancestor
truth:  get   parent

test:  returns the release date to the section or subsection that sets the release release date .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  return   string
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure that the named password is present .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  set   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  sample from a path .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   num

test:  deletes a new google config .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  see the restricted deep kernel .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  coordinates   platform
truth:  model   model

test:  test for a file .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrades all packages via opkg upgrade returns a dictionary containing the changes: .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  run   upgrade
truth:  run   a

test:  close serial port for snap reprap communications .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  close   close
truth:  clears   null

test:  ensure that the redirect to function redirect to an http redirect .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  to   test

test:  returns an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  reshape a sequence into chunks of seq1 which are not divisible by 2 .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the repository hash for a given repository .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  change   returns
truth:  short   get

test:  computes the distance between x and vectors .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  return   null
truth:  produces   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a list of fields and a list of existing fields .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  compress   null
truth:  starting   starting

test:  evaluate gaussian approximation at layer 2 .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  computes   imports
truth:  generates   a

test:  change certificate certificates in students .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  null   render
truth:  list   list

test:  converts any given object to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns a large array of the protocols it is a formatted string .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that value is a string or unicode .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   python

test:  returns a row that is a row of yaml .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  get a new vm key from a path .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for new settings .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  settings   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  given the lr .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  null   indices
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  set saml cohorts for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a group .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  modify riak statistics on a cluster cli example: .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  remove   form
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  extract messages from an iterable that can be stripped by the python imaging .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  load a csv file .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  null   create
truth:  load   csv

test:  get the bcaddress version .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back into the word .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   load
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that utility with group performs errors .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  null   group
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test signal handler .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  want   null
truth:  test   test

test:  serializes an object by passing it to a specific string .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  serializes   i
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  transform   rotate
truth:  transform   transform

test:  convert a voxel into vertices for creating a no time .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  load a hold .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  find   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse string starting up into numpy tokens .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  atom   atom

test:  ensure that the directories exist .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a new gradient with the specified css .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  null   create
truth:  create   a

test:  get transformed path .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return form of current form .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  if   current

test:  a stdin loop to be used by the program .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  order   null
truth:  return   inverse

test:  gets the users info for a session .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   get

test:  bitsource get the unit circle .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  return   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  test a simple bar chart .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  whitespace   null
truth:  null   bar

test:  returns the value turned into a python object .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   null
truth:  forces   a

test:  returns a list of characters from a single string .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  blocks   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  s3 server-side encryption requires the encryption key to be sent to the server base64 encoded .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  using   encoder

test:  decorator to protect exceptions .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  handles   execution
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user can publish the page to .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  null   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return a list of the names used by the locale .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  get   a

test:  ireport restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   basins
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a 2d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  returns the storage for this request lifecycle .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  move to specific position tilt .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  clean   move
truth:  to   move

test:  check whether a given device and a value indicate that zfs zfs "dim" value .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  null   class
truth:  return   bottom

test:  write amf header info .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns a list of tuples representing all the collection in the collection .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   metadata

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  downloads a file from a sigma url .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  downloads   callback
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively reorder entries to commit .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this returns a httpresponse whose content is a string or a string with the given context .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  check if a user exists without downloading the user .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return true if f is constant in k[x] .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  returns   quotient
truth:  subtract   null

test:  we can pass to the experiment to discover .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  select   null

test:  load the original mnist data and ld and ld .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  load   helper
truth:  load   load

test:  returns an undirected ordering of the graph g .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  returns   l21
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  update vote lookups with given user .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  update   a
truth:  store   info

test:  decorator with argument access before validating access authentication .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  look   check
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs flask dev application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return true if string is a netmask .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  takes   mask
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to load a script in the given path .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  read   data

test:  load the full template directory .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a set of sequences .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  calculate   variant
truth:  given   a

test:  list cloud provider data cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  check if the specified library is installed .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  check   minimum

test:  standard deviation .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  mutate   null

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  command   command
truth:  null   script

test:  this function determines if a string is a valid python bytestring .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  logs a module attribute .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test np .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  preprocess   string
truth:  string   string

test:  align the log pdf of the given w_1 .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  a page presents a user list .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a raw time to a ips .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  cross   returns
truth:  label   label

test:  write a list of the carving .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the given number is a string matching number .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  returns   tests
truth:  if   null

test:  copy a file and all its subdirectories from the given destination .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  execute   context
truth:  merge   directory

test:  help help page .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  null   filename
truth:  returns   a

test:  performs a url for handlers that is suitable for the given name .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  find   null
truth:  function   function

test:  credit: yann n .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  generate an object of like an httpconnection .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  add   add

test:  write the stl activity activity activity table to the given group .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  null   service
truth:  determine   null

test:  computes resultant of f in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  null   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  takes a standard playlist dict and shows it with the attached field description .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  debugging   a
truth:  format   playlist

test:  check if the extension supports a extension .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  check   check
truth:  assert   assert

test:  enqueue a function or a task and enqueue it .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  null   a

test:  yield unique items from sequence .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  yield   use
truth:  return   return

test:  hash a password .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   password
truth:  hash   a

test:  this decorator allows you to get the appropriate roles that a previously deployed .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  decorate   cache
truth:  null   decorator

test:  raise an appropriate warning to raise an error if it does not exist or a message .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  null   logs
truth:  log   log

test:  performs the vigenere shift encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  shift   shift

test:  add cluster to the cluster table .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  split   null
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status of status since status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   status
truth:  set   status

test:  get the network device object from the current network interface .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  return   network

test:  saves an object to a new development .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  compute   converts
truth:  imports   data

test:  autogen the given leading/trailing docstring with the given name .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  image quality import size .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  null   information
truth:  insert   identity

test:  process the modules inside a path .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  process   null
truth:  loads   everything

test:  returns an authentication handler for the given provider .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  is   display
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to get a devices from a specified context .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  reshapes a tensor .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   null
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir or system path .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   default
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit page .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : list sep field_seq | dubconstant | constant .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  makes a passed tree from the passed syntax list .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  return   like
truth:  takes   a

test:  list of disk mounts .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  return   try
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert s to float or float .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  s   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  create a spelling for all segments and put them in the segments .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  add   apply
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  test deprecated function .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds a charset with the given charset .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   character

test:  callback for removing users when the editor is available .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   a
truth:  called   null

test:  class decorator to acquire the class to be modified by class name .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  -   memoize
truth:  null   a

test:  force django and all configuration directories .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  null   user
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  display the current user .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  owned   details
truth:  null   hint

test:  get the dictionary from the user or fail if it exists .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  go   tox
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the sentiment page .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  use   file
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  display a network field for the tenant .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  update   method
truth:  compute   h

test:  wrapper around babels .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  returns   timesince
truth:  return   current

test:  test __html__ of mapnode .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns default catalogue backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  load   assert
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the logistic derivative of the hyperbolic layer .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  creates the pygal request for the review board .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  create   a
truth:  enter   a

test:  update completions .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  determine if the python interpreter is installed .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test that passing a table columns in stratified should be hours .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  decorating   test
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the formatter that also also also include a dedent .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   a
truth:  dedent   null

test:  run all hosts as a list of namedtuples .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   connections

test:  returns {status job from the given job .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  null   html
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of unique elements in the passed in l .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  get if the line is in the given line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  if   null
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android odex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   analyze
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  since art art art by processing .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convenience function for creating a activation function .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   *
truth:  null   reduction

test:  task to send inbound message to router via router .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return a list of the elements of the dictionary d .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  iterator   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the storage device lun uuid .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a copy of the current session .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factor univariate polynomials over finite fields .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   factor

test:  print host settings .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  host   real
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  launch the user specified by the edx platform with the specified edx id .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  verify   switch
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  a wrapper around timeit .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   timeit

test:  read sympy arrays and b .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  change   change

test:  verify that the defaults is background .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get a profile list by name or queryset .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  list   view
truth:  returns   a

test:  true if the ipython notebook is present in the ipython notebook .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  given batch normalization on batch given input .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  builds   cast
truth:  function   function

test:  checks to see if a list is available .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  use   list
truth:  return   return

test:  return class for a markdown class .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate a base64 encoded string .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  if   validate

test:  apply sparsedataset and other distributions .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   new

test:  a function useful for api content .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  wait   attempts
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  execute the currently defined python .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  default   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a short .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a date string and return a date .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   s
truth:  parse   a

test:  test using an edge mask .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   laplace

test:  helper function to format tokens in a list of command-line tokens .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  return   directed
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  send a put request to the remote object .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  send   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  iterates over the source and pass them to the module .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  source   a
truth:  return   return

test:  send an event handler .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  handle   handle

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a docker image and add it to /var/lib/machines as a new container .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  run   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return integer in n x .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  execute   python
truth:  return   return

test:  a version of pythons urllib .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  wrap   shows
truth:  escape   escape

test:  convert a datetime object into an aware datetime .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  make   node
truth:  convert   dt

test:  return the gravatar url for the given email address .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  url   url
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information estimated with kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  calculate information about the browser browser for a phantomjs .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  change   null
truth:  if   null

test:  simple method to pretty print a hex hex hex hex hex string .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  null   occurrences
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_100nsec_timer url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  import custom scripts .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  name   email
truth:  import   custom

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the unpause dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  check for header value .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  perform   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  prompts for compatible libxml2 .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  use   socket
truth:  null   utility

test:  function called by name .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of tuples that have been decorated to skip tests that represent the test result after a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  initialize a new new-style stream .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  takes a name and returns a stdlib object .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  get the public url of a given vm .
truth: return the full . 
test:  url   url
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the named alias is absent name the name of the system to remove bookmark on the system .
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  wait   block
truth:  block   block

test:  convert string to lines .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a 303 redirect to the given c{baseclass} .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  returns   response

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  render a formset to a bootstrap layout .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  returns a responses to ensure it has been never been executed .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  run   a
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  safely read the pytestconf directory .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  detects   config
truth:  access   access

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  null   application
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two wrong lists of all wrong maps .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  load a test params from a docker resource parameters .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  to   fetch
truth:  test   parameters

test:  displays a few widgets .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   a

test:  handles a new wiki collision form .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  report   interface
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders that have been executed in a specific location .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get uptime information associated with a hypervisor .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  show   details
truth:  display   display

test:  create a new xor cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  broadcast a remote method that does not return anything .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  creates a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the network device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  to   dhcp
truth:  commits   commits

test:  create a brocade specific network/port-profiles .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  interface to mptt a strategy .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  return   prints
truth:  convert   convert

test:  accepts any argument lines of a string and returns a dictionary of new-style values .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of all available auth auth learning .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  default   default

test:  parse the date from ldap database which has the value that is running in the calculate engine .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  get   get

test:  converts an rgb tuple to hsv on expected .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  instantiates a list of within a given value .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  get   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list all listing paths .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  returns   samples
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the maximum likelihood for the applied date of the y w function .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   observation

test:  add a given source to the specified ruby name the ruby ruby the ruby to the ruby ruby the user under which to run add'] as ruby ruby the ruby
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  set the network configuration changes .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  run   run
truth:  set   set

test:  parse a pdb header into file .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   lists
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate that value is a valid space .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  string   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return a generator of files that match a file .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  if   null
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns true if the id id looks like an automatic request .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the index is valid .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable a network cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  function for this process and still be passed to the function .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  goes   logger
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get the expression value as a evaluated string .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the data into a vector .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set and retrieve the header for a method .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  create   information
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  applies   function
truth:  function   function

test:  signal a given job id .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  code   a
truth:  store   store

test:  send message as a message .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  helper function to find snippet files in the given directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to clear any conflicting in the task .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clear   task
truth:  clear   database

test:  get a splunk search cli example:: salt myminion search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  check   verifies
truth:  get   a

test:  handle gcd of gcd of f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  computes   searches
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  read msgpack or none from file or as a file or a unicode string .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  to   unpack
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  returns the reverse primers for the given dictionary of objects .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the negative pdf of the mean and variance sigma2 = mu .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  computes   data
truth:  null   yann

test:  deletes a entity from the database .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  performs   a

test:  register keystoneclient engine .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   keystoneclient
truth:  register   register

test:  test using importable .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   script

test:  get exception data .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  obtain   exception
truth:  extract   null

test:  filter the first pyfunction to the first query .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  determine   append
truth:  infer   infer

test:  return the directory where dirname is located at dirname .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  to   return
truth:  find   find

test:  a factory for creating a binary .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  give an email address .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  put   null
truth:  prevent   null

test:  test that a table fails if it is not a mixin .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  tests   no
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator for benchmarks that do not change in case of a quit .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  config   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns an iterable of problems objects for each section in the specified section .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  listen   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  field_req : atom | atom .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  make a test case that set up to test environments .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  build   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  return the weakly connected component of g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  iterate   node
truth:  generate   generate

test:  traverse a process and fetches its running in it .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  translate a list of versions to a given list of jobconf versions .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  translate   list
truth:  get   get

test:  create the modules that was deprecated in the config file for .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  coerce value to a timestamp .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  to   value
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  searches extra hook for given field and construct it .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  instructs   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  enable port forwarding .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   port
truth:  remove   a

test:  restore a library .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restores   return
truth:  restores   null

test:  make sure that line number of 0 can accept a one-variable hypervisor .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  null   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  save the registry cache dictionary to disk .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  reads   cache
truth:  save   null

test:  computes the sequence of knots of the elements of the sequence in the hsp of the sequence .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders a warning page for the user .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  return   a
truth:  print   a

test:  generate an rgb doing to the given lms .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  make   generate
truth:  creates   a

test:  plugin registration .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  plugin   registration
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return true if name is an allowable file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the minimal job is this function takes an action that is the minions that is just a hash .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  null   background

test:  logs the html for an ftp .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  callback   link
truth:  transform   transform

test:  fix up the registered package and you need to use .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  coefficients   logging
truth:  setup   python

test:  writes an error message and exits to the given optionparser .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  helper function to serialize one instances using all instances using the prefetcher object formatting .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  generate a list of lags .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  list all tasks that a task triggers to use in a specific location cli example: .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  enqueues a json with user certificates for all problems certificates in the course .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  request   request

test:  disable state from a state or sls cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   state
truth:  disable   state

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  check if the server is enabled .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a new product of values for the given products .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  replace   calculate
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  safely decodes a string to an url .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  function   version
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  create a list of categories in the prints prints out of categories and print them as a string of the categories .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  null   categories
truth:  print   category

test:  tests the creation of a gcc takes a i{dispatch} .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  verifies   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  get   get
truth:  resolve   null

test:  remove all the tests for the geos tests .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  diff of a unified diff two as a long integer .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  diff   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  return   cgconfig
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  temporarily override the xpi xpi .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  code   serialize
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  remove a path .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  file   path
truth:  file   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   calendar
truth:  returns   image

test:  verify that the overlay is present name the name of the overlay to delete .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  run the cmd cmd and lock the lock .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  usage   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return the vms status .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  check for usage in the system .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  access   a
truth:  access   access

test:  return the key key value for a specific settings .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  settings   settings

test:  merge obj keys using the provided dict .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  merge   key
truth:  merge   merge

test:  encode a python bytestring or bytes .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse a repository tag and return a real tag .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  splits   image

test:  returns the md5 key for a nonce .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  hash   password
truth:  get   get

test:  get work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  search   return
truth:  get   get

test:  disassociate all fixed ips by host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  get   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  check whether cards is being allocated from a http request .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  function   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  write to file descriptor .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  extract the root key from the entity key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  update scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  null   update
truth:  given   a

test:  either add or update the given location and update the update location .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  update   update
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute polynomial random in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return true if lun id can available on given host .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  determine   checks
truth:  returns   a

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  transforms and return data .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  encrypt   datachars
truth:  to   try

test:  a function to set default context to false .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  null   debconf
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a color name to a native color object .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that tabbing after ident .
truth: command history . 
test:  ensure   keys
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest match between begin and end .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a semicolon-separated .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  format   format

test:  wrapper for the given side .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  preprocesses   null
truth:  resize   images

test:  sanitize tasks to format and return the standardized timestamp .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  git   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  check the given keyword argument .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  using   check
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns a list of test providers providers .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the repository name is an incompatible repository .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  normalized   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if f is an integer in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  leading   return
truth:  divide   null

test:  since track is authorized to allow it to use and get an event .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  encode a packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  decodes   utf-8
truth:  encodes   a

test:  get a context manager associated with a given method and method .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  url   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  renders the template for the specified key .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  render   render

test:  encrypts a message ekey using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  unset   null
truth:  create   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   crud

test:  check the process in the file sanity check for next file .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  command   null
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager to temporarily start at a wamp of a specific target .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  context   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  benchmark score for the given episode .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  computes   line
truth:  to   method

test:  returns true if bottleneck should be treated as bottleneck .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  get the tensor along an axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  set options for inner variables .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  start the logging and run tests .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  point   strip
truth:  runs   runs

test:  generate a file of an filename .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  generate   file
truth:  return   a

test:  same as os .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  set   urls
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set the sql expression for all filters on the regex .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  taken   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  displays all lambda function details .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a new theano variable .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  get a maximum of the paths with only the respective components of the maximum of the paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  extract the zipfile from a zip file and write it to a directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  archive   archive

test:  convenience function for access to the returning a new relative path .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of a resource object based on its position in a resource tree .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  returns   detail
truth:  return   a

test:  return the name used by the locale for a locale .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around sids that allows us to specify a case of sids .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  given   null

test:  ask for a user or testing .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  null   get
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if g is a maximal matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching of g .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a pound character (#) followed by a new line ( requirement: * useful useful to bypass several web application firewalls with a new line
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  replaces   space

test:  handle wsgi services .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  if   a
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  create authors file using git commits and create a jenkins list of git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  generate   authors
truth:  create   authors

test:  convert a decimal value into a decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  compute runstest correction between two random arrays .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  find   regression
truth:  runs   runs

test:  calculate the natural angles as a series of child *sigma* .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  return   handles
truth:  order   order

test:  initialize a python function as python implementation in the python docs .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  init   null
truth:  printing   printing

test:  convert a time string to a time tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  parse   calling
truth:  convert   a

test:  store item pointer pointer pointer .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  emit   display
truth:  store   store

test:  train the model in the project .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   null
truth:  train   a

test:  scan the generated files and adds its contents to the root nodes .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  return   a

test:  insert some data in the given file .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  profiling   execution
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over iterator .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  iterator   iterator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   elements
truth:  return   return

test:  provides the minion id for this minion cli example: .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  null   grain

test:  returns a unique resolved of paths .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a given tempfile name .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the system info from the same object .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   data

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start the paired appends .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  test   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  format a format function for distributed arguments .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  call   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  replace named groups for all pattern by name .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  replace   build
truth:  named   find

test:  check that mailgun is compatible with bad hmac hmac webhook .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  check   check

test:  logs a user out .
truth: update request . 
test:  signal   handler
truth:  request   request

test:  get the url for the page that is used to access the api .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  url   url

test:  discard the given cache file .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parses a configuration file .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  generate a random expression of a sympy expression .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  permutes   null

test:  merge cookie data from a key/value dictionary .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a new tag to a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   pip
truth:  write   a

test:  get the list of class names and their callback .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  get   a

test:  update an object can update its new object or () .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  asserts   photo
truth:  update   update

test:  skip test if config is not met .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  turns a slug .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  string   converts
truth:  string   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   globals
truth:  find   globals

test:  user has changed signal .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  disconnect   changes
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns true if *obj* is nonstring .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  validate the filters that the filters has the named action .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  use   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return x no window function; .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  null   window
truth:  null   window

test:  function for caller .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  float   float

test:  returns the mode defined in data .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  return   return

test:  information about the registered info from the session .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  null   information

test:  make sure that monkey-patch performs type work in polycollection .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes the specified security group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the absolute wigner wigner .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  null   works
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   wrapper
truth:  msg   msg

test:  defines some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  decorate axes with a plot .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  return   a
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  remove the named file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  renders the template at the given path with the given path and returns the path to the django template .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns the first token in gamma .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  create   find
truth:  checks   checks

test:  scan a module and combine it in the generated python cookbook .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  cache text for all nodes .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  cache   function
truth:  cache   tip

test:  return the arguments of the current host .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  decoding decoding .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  converts   include
truth:  run   run

test:  handle all childrens .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  returns   release
truth:  return   return

test:  parameters .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  null   messages

test:  test reading normal names .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return the min cost of the minimum cost .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  convert an ip address string to an integer number as defined in ascii string .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  replaces text with a period of a period of period .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  append   a

test:  find the first differing of x in x .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  locate   null

test:  closes svn review requests for all repository .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  parse a string for a aws template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  parse   template
truth:  takes   a

test:  function to return an array containing a single list .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  given   pick
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns list of files matching the given path .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply fact facts to supplied provider facts args: facts : host facts : host facts : existing facts returns: dict: the location of the supplied provider facts if not already
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  set   nzb
truth:  apply   provider

test:  initialize data for testing .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  if   null

test:  move a host to a random port .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of mako flag .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  lists   test
truth:  default   default

test:  get a format key for a type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  split the requested time string into the requested locale and return it .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  get   build
truth:  null   null

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  multiply a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  comb   a
truth:  null   a

test:  adds new advanced component with the new component .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert polar coordinates to polar coordinates .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  convert   dataset
truth:  converts   converts

test:  subdict function .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a track from an url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get float by key .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  constructs a protobuf based on a document_pb .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  null   method

test:  regression test for a bug where the reference has the same english values .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  test that amplitude 2 theta [3736] .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  works   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define an open volume .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  lookup   xml
truth:  define   a

test:  compare a list of partitions and a mapping file .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  pivot   dataframe
truth:  convert   columns

test:  return the revision dict describing the git revision .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  creates   validate
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a string of the given method .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  returns   shortcut
truth:  generate   a

test:  check if unrar is installed and should contain the same version as different .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  if   initializer
truth:  return   version

test:  hashes key keys .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculate   a

test:  return the sine/cosine sine/cosine named in a directory .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the instance type of a specific instance .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the seuclidean vector of a sequence of vectors .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the fingerprint of the fingerprint used for a specific pem image .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  colorize text .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   a

test:  round the given value for testing .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  compute   decodes
truth:  value   value

test:  send an notification to the initiator of a user .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  send   null
truth:  email   email

test:  wraps a given list of distributions .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  null   service
truth:  null   null

test:  these are the same as the form of the serializing annotation .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a rule to a gettext rule .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   plural

test:  get the stores info in the given json .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  refresh an event for a specific engine .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  register   add
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  return a new .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  ping   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  send out the notification to the notification .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   email
truth:  send   notifications

test:  create an apiresponse description of a certificate description .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   null

test:  restores the modules with a state object .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  restores   null

test:  get a gcode for a path .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  start   get
truth:  build   a

test:  run the pidof command to create and return the name that is currently set of host .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  open   target
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new virtual networks .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  waits for ready to read the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  wait   block
truth:  block   block

test:  get parent loop .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  flatten a reply structure .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  flatten   node

test:  returns drawn drawn from path .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  test   null
truth:  return   a

test:  adds the page to the enriched .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  add   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove an object or list of objects from a vmware host .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  optimize an encrypted value .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  load   decodes
truth:  build   build

test:  parse command line options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get a number of the elements of a graph .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   sequence

test:  get all per sff files in a directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  invert a string into an array of characters .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  string   string

test:  require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  take an html string and converts it into a list of list .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the time zone instance associated with the given zone .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that an xonsh push is not a base builtins .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  to   push

test:  fixture that returns a valid template_name .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  require   fixture
truth:  return   a

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a series with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  search   text
truth:  get   get

test:  calculate the mean of the rl for the given axis .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the user cohorted partition partition from the given course .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the actual key name .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  sort   key
truth:  sort   key

test:  solves a differential equations with order linear differential equation .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  generic weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  reads the icons of a figure and image .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  invalidates the cms page in the current branch .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  reset   cache
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  musicbrainz musicbrainz musicbrainz for an album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  get   musicbrainz
truth:  search   search

test:  create a isbow .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  adapt   converts
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  fetches a list of all all tenants for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  check   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  remove the given data .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  return   delete
truth:  remove   admin

test:  set the dashboard level .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a convenience function that returns a string .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  provide   string
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  same logic as other .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  measures   logic
truth:  find   a

test:  copy a sample file to the destination and destination it into the destination directory .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  encode the given variable and produce a variable of symbol .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  build   inject
truth:  update   update

test:  get the cache location from the access cache file .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current frame .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  can view the given user add the given target for the given target .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  given a list of media files .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  embed   media

test:  delete document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  load an existing backend backend .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  setup   standard
truth:  given   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ping commands to sleep .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  ping   test
truth:  print   dots

test:  same as objtag .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  test edf of edf .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  get the base directory of the certificates .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  gets   pull
truth:  get   get

test:  raises an exception if the bytestring does not already exist .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  convert a result to a numpy operation .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  take   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a string to human readable format .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  clears the cached cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a string in format format into a datetime object .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  wrapper that allows estimator or split it supports estimator and indices using estimator .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  solve   compute
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parses a string using the inject and returns a dictionary of limited objects .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  take   a
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  remove the check with the given agent .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  use   page
truth:  removes   a

test:  check for greyscale color given by string .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  check   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  dump a yaml file .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return a string describing the nodes of a book in the book .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   page

test:  return the default spatial .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  updates a postgres user cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  parameters any datetime value in django .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  translate   translate

test:  return the ip address for the given hostname .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  null   connect
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a function with an be raised if it does not exist .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  func   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get the current alternate setting for the configuration .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  undo   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if we want to reduce this map .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  if   check
truth:  raises   null

test:  return the current date in iso 8601 format .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update no startswith .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  recalculate   languages
truth:  load   tm

test:  pretty-print a bem model .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  convert pil images to four representation .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  converts   image
truth:  takes   null

test:  get a dictionary mapping attributes to a type .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  make   null
truth:  extract   information

test:  load the specified module .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  try   null
truth:  join   a

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  compare the specified block of the block as a new block .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  starting   a
truth:  open   a

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model stochastic model plus stochastic equations .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a color keys to a byte string .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  to   try

test:  get an ec2 credentials cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   selinux
truth:  return   return

test:  return the reciprocal of the sigmoid exponential in numpy .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   implementation

test:  spin a defines plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  returns an approximate spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  raise a warning on the hash and surrounds .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  raises   helper
truth:  issue   a

test:  finds and returns the maximum nodes in the tree .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  finds   a

test:  creates a new contrib .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  function   add
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake participant of the given participant .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct a description from a requested service .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  null   details
truth:  return   return

test:  update opkg package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   portage

test:  convert an closure to a representing the document .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   assert
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all groups with details cli example: .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the project description of the project .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  function   matrices
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the torification torification .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  like assertraisesregexp but also allow javascript .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  called when the jobs is loaded .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  cancel   null
truth:  take   null

test:  stringify a datetime object .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  time   time

test:  create a group policy .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dense list of host into the sparse document format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  like   like

test:  purge all files under pattern .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  purge   a
truth:  files   files

test:  print a tree per second on the given node .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   tree

test:  completely removes all files in the cache .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  verifies that the tab completion is set correctly .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  step   null
truth:  is   null

test:  only load this module if the os is installed .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  load   load

test:  test of locate_app .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   program

test:  recurse recurse object that will be called in a script .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  execute   wrapper
truth:  executes   null

test:  install the given signal handler handler for common common functionality .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  install   a

test:  parse the channel mode .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   messages
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the petersen graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check and convert it to the increasing directory .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  cleans   attempt
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw a random graph with the given layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  check if input is a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  turn a version string into a dictionary with the value coming in the expected version grouped by the version .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  maps   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  formats a relative time string as a datetime object .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return text representation of text .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  to   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test x10 address support .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   target
truth:  test   x10

test:  create the new actual link .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a :class:flask object that use the result in both the app and the wsgi chain .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  make   a
truth:  function   function

test:  try to find a path in windows .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  derive   ini

test:  add a plugin calls to the given class .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  register   register
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  limit all the nodes in the expression that arent arent write expression to a regular expression .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  object   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets a list of contents that can be used to use the ansible command .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  rate of change : (-1)*100 .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  null   rate
truth:  value   value

test:  seed the numpy value of a random variable .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  change   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  parse a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  encode a python version as url .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   data

test:  test to ensure we can construct a skip dataset .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  null   test
truth:  loads   null

test:  verify the setting support doesnt have the same setting .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  verify   null

test:  return the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine if there are any cached types for list-like .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  if   logs
truth:  if   test

test:  inverts a graph from within a graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  inverts   a
truth:  inverts   a

test:  clears a session .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  removes   values

test:  returns the first compressor of the file as a file-like object .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  detects   query
truth:  return   return

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the options .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   inequality
truth:  command   command

test:  perform the gender for a gender .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  test file downloading with a file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  set the locale to use on failure .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  run   a
truth:  set   environ

test:  set or delete metadata on the image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a text to a singleton .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  generates a random authentication digest .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dict of linode instance_uuid instance_uuid instance .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that headers are considered as specified by the headers dict of headers .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a value for name from the configuration .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the unicode object of the given namespace or none if no foreign attribute given .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the full path to a courses router .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   function
truth:  loads   a

test:  generate master report for master master client .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  report   function
truth:  null   event

test:  helper function to check if the path given an ignored path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  thin implementation of multiple that sets a mapping rating per failures .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  calculate   content
truth:  returns   a

test:  estimate a list of elements obtained by applying a obtained obtained in a obtained obtained by applying .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  null   loss

test:  get versions of salt currently installed information .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  to   versions
truth:  report   report

test:  create a regex that match the given pattern .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  turn   return
truth:  create   create

test:  format an email address in composite format it as a normalized toy string repr .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  split   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  create a new preferred extension to create a new instance .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   new

test:  format the given as a new .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   null

test:  load a configuration file from a file .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   helper

test:  replace all the dots or special dots with the given document .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  replaces   replace
truth:  null   method

test:  returns whether x is a sparse matrix .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  determine if it has a given state until it returns true or false .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  you can use a subjects files .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  create   null
truth:  set   set

test:  try to simplify a set of columns to serve columns .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  index   null
truth:  create   a

test:  renders a template from template .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  renders   html
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test when a file has given source is created on the local might .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  test   null
truth:  require   null

test:  wrapper to get a duration of a field .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  -   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  parse the given string containing the annotations and get the uid .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   uid

test:  given a list of type .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  extracts   type
truth:  gets   null

test:  find email address and return it as a list of markdown .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  email   null
truth:  send   send

test:  an empty error handler that just a raised exception .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  null   null
truth:  throw   null

test:  temporarily change variables and notifies variables .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode a base64 image .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  null   string
truth:  base64   base64

test:  injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  tests   data
truth:  injects   data

test:  this is used to determine the highest protocol version that is currently installed .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  build the m3 m3 .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  runs the test suite as the js tests .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  test   null
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  create a cluster object by provided services and raise if it does not exist .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   reference
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform the dad dos attack using ns described in section 4 .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   purpose

test:  load a user from the specified user and return it .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  load   config
truth:  read   user

test:  invert the tree in the tree .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  inverts   a

test:  decode a raw uuid or storing it as a raw uuid .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  set a vhost via rabbitmqctl command .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  sets   enable
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  computes   arrays
truth:  compute   compute

test:  displays a comment by the current comment .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  save   view
truth:  stores   a

test:  build the given schema .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  load   handle
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns true if the user making this number is an friends .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a base64 encoded string .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  used   s
truth:  decode   a

test:  same as grading_context .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  transform   encode
truth:  null   effects

test:  check that the mapping of the mapping function works .
truth: gets header . 
test:  confirm   check
truth:  header   header

test:  return the name of a view that has the same name as the wrapped class .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  a simple logging version of the dictionary .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   message

test:  infer a method to be a specific name .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   decorator
truth:  infer   a

test:  initialize the module as a new marginal repository version .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  try to turn off keys in dict into the derived dict .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load this module if the os is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  confine   null
truth:  works   works

test:  get the paths that represent a python file .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  unquotes a value which depends be quoted .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  adds against document against the given document to the given document .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  makes   configures
truth:  cancel   null

test:  generic method for mutable values from a enum .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  see if get_init can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   null

test:  get all attachment specs for the specified attachment record .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string into a datetime .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get the skeinforge filenames of the specified dns filenames .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve the list of auth params for a given request .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   comparison
truth:  pair   pair

test:  create an array with the data from a enumeration .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  function   hosts
truth:  receive   a

test:  output a 32-bit ip address from the given argument .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  returns   open
truth:  convert   convert

test:  simple function for use with some pure tests .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  if   size
truth:  content   content

test:  parses a saved style entry as a dictionary .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   entry

test:  get the demo channel managers .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  launch   helper
truth:  set   set

test:  call fbater need so rgenetics composite so in and out are html with data in extrafiles $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter <command>python path <command>python $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter with data in extrafiles with data in extrafiles extrafiles
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  null   fbater
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the aws awslambda service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete an exploration .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test gaussian with an existing model .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  test   inverses
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  returns a list of device as a tuple .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages cli example: .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of a function within an interval .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   root
truth:  find   a

test:  wrapper around web .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  run a shell command on a remote host .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  run   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  lists wiki documents needs a review tag .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  sends   wiki
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  get all object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   increment
truth:  count   count

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  explicitly return a string .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  casts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test secondary rendering with a secondary chart .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   chart
truth:  test   test

test:  load the anes96 data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return an access sandbox sandbox .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  require python package installation .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  require   python
truth:  test   python

test:  return the fully qualified tests .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  find   null
truth:  function   function

test:  renders a url off the roidb view for a particular actor instance <a href="{% follow_url other_user %}"> {% if ivre .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data to error .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  check for cypher with cypher .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  preprocess an expression that is a "constantlike" instance .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  replace   apply
truth:  expr   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  return the absolute path to user .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  build   a
truth:  add   a

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  upgrade   image
truth:  used   null

test:  calculate the clip dependencies of luminosity and luminosity value .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  replaces   long
truth:  null   null

test:  the feature considering raises an exception when the feature is not ignored .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience method for creating a validator .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   validator

test:  converts a timestamp into a timestamp instance .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  rewrite the given dictionary to the log-conditional-probability statements .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  pass   data
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  sets the image with the specified axes .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  change   one
truth:  update   update

test:  normalize a secret by name cli example: .
truth: internal function . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  function   function

test:  transform an xri to iri-normal form .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  convert   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test x labels with int labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  construct the value that are qa than the responder tree .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  selects   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get current environment variable by subprocess it in subprocess .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  permanently consumer .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  given a string ratio of best match a token .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  hash a string .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  read a a python file and return a list of quotes objects .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  read   in

test:  set the unread notification notification to the given thing .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  take   null
truth:  null   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  print   a
truth:  function   function

test:  bind ack to ack .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  return   multiply
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the bounding argument for a coordinate system .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  finds   append
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the dictionary mapping key names to their callback .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculate checksum from md5 to a target .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  construct   null

test:  get the list of the currently installed domain names .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the one norm of *a* .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  compute   compute

test:  pause a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  unpauses   a
truth:  pauses   a

test:  turn a 1-hot vector into a set of vectors .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  applies   groups
truth:  make   a

test:  compute the completeness of a y distance between two continuous labels .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   metric

test:  run the doctest module .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  run   github
truth:  run   run

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the python repo instance .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  load   a
truth:  given   a

test:  open a file .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  start   filename
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  and train a tensorflow directory .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  deletes   function
truth:  based   demo

test:  resources an exception handler .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  null   request
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list installed features .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  list   list

test:  smoke smoke transforms .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  returns the path to the image at instance .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return information about the named vm cli example: .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  vectorized version of the gradient of the b-spline function .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  counts   returns
truth:  null   product

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  try   facebook
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  the singular values in the file s .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  null   d
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into two possible .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  start a security security groups .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  generate a generator as json .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  yields   request
truth:  null   generator

test:  creates a structure of the inputed structure of a script .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a list of arguments from a callable .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the distance matrix for the expression that corresponds to the supplied n-dimensional image .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  cross   cross

test:  add admin details to an existing port details .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  register   solve
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  calculate the classifier on the classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  tests   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if given target is a valid bgp string .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  computes the distances along the distances along the given *total* .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  uses the ipv#address method to encode them for a remote host .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  null   string
truth:  compare   a

test:  returns all known and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   get

test:  list configured auth cli example: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  if   a
truth:  set   up

test:  change the path for the application make a directory .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   nzb
truth:  change   change

test:  check if the given gradient is a block of another gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   op

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that injects the decorated function into a decorator for # arguments .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator that skips tests for the retrying validation .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all the fixture unless it is equal to the fixture .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  exception broadcast of the siteresources on the given user .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  report   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to limit stack trace entries .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  fail unless the cli argument is valid .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  do a path with the query-string query-string variable .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  if   null
truth:  matches   matches

test:  decorator for views that resource class .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  be   null

test:  project0 : service into thrift net .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  null   enum
truth:  null   service

test:  reset a directory and all its contents of the files in the given directory .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  write the xml to a file .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  write   null
truth:  send   send

test:  return the user on the profile .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload images or hoststate to an object .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  retrieve   images
truth:  upload   upload

test:  convert text to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  given a sequence of barcode objects .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  gets   f
truth:  split   sequence

test:  deletes a user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  activate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  change absolute path of path .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  change   use
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can translation translation repository for given translation .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  filter token with given access token .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  serie   test

test:  load an archive module and retrieve the csv .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  guess   null
truth:  import   kits

test:  generate a 256 key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove directory and all its subdirectories .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  walks   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  helper method to make a resource on a list of default values .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prepare a string for use in html .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  get   attribute
truth:  format   format

test:  repack of indicating that the monitoring has been downloaded .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  calling   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  forces   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns a module containing the name of a module .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  assemble   a

test:  convert the given pipelines to a ctypes type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  null   store
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test that you can connect to a lazy log file .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  clear the current transaction .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  returns the docs version from the docs .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper around yaml .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the transparent torification object .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  null   current
truth:  get   get

test:  test that we can ten without having a popular that is not part of any booleanfields .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return the creation sequence that is the interior of the given degree sequence .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  find   a

test:  return the index of a sequence .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  index   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compile a document .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a new collection of given path .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  verify that the provided ip is a valid bgp address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  get the localizable attributes for the given locale .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a configuration from an expression and a generator .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  null   a
truth:  source   source

test:  break the pairwise matrix that were done between the original and y .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  null   objects
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get the corresponding file content .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  split   a
truth:  splits   null

test:  get the date and output time of the current volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  common loss function .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  calculate   part
truth:  null   gradient

test:  runs tool against an existing command .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  executes   columns
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  compute a diagonal range [start .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decodes a raw base64 string .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  utf-8   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   string
truth:  encodes   html

test:  validate and return 1 .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  color   color

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  add a path to the list of source files .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  null   urls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  transform messages prior to the start .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  display   list
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if filename is within being .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if n is a isolate graph .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  process the cache of inter .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a snapshot .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a reqs formatted string from path .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read a utf8 encoded text file and return its contents .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  open   in
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make a polar plot .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  call   a
truth:  make   a

test:  this is the given code object into the inotify code .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  to   validate
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create custom metric descriptor .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   metric

test:  and and return a button .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  parse the command line .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  use   watchers
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  reset method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  solve temporal wrapper .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update a font font at returned by the point .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   a

test:  put the given function in the py4j folder .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the pioneer platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get difference loops sliced through shape .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   difference

test:  escapes a locale by shell-like .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   null

test:  migrate legacy .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  migrate   fetch
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  return a list of comments per group that are comments for the given group .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  change the currently active table vulns .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  change   change
truth:  structured   null

test:  confirm this record is a list of records for all 'budget .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  filtered   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  run python interpreter in a subprocess .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  execute   shell
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns the access code for the access code .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  module   helper
truth:  obtain   null

test:  ensure that connections are not changed .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  new import function import .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   status
truth:  check   check

test:  return a dict of all available template data for the given user .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes % characters so that it will reach the first command-line command-line argument .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: monitor-folders specifies jenkins jenkins jenkins .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a packed array into a packed .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  packs   null

test:  q limited to q .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  show   increment
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the template value of a template .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  lookup   a

test:  load a module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  given   load
truth:  load   extension

test:  decorator to check if any items are newly in the dictionary .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  truncate   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new ssl ssl object .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  adapted   null
truth:  communicate   null

test:  validate the given json list of id_or_symbol(s) .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  given   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorate depth in the tree .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  return   message
truth:  function   function

test:  construct signal from epochs object .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  given   generate
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  calculate the body of a given string .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns true if the number of files changed on the led .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get extra specs for flavor extra id .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  print a snippet of an instance of a step .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  print   snippets

test:  make a new search for node and performs remaining .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  save   namespace
truth:  serialize   a

test:  sort order by appying .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  null   integer
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the minimum value of a csr or a csr .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  vdot returns the lower transformation of a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  just ensure the author is not loaded .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  read   service
truth:  look   up

test:  return an md5 hash of the given key .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  cache   cache

test:  exercise using junipers .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  wait   find
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the file path in both the file and return the configuration files .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   find

test:  get saml provider cli example: .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   saml
truth:  get   saml

test:  generate a random regression within t .
truth: like rand . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  wrapper around the http header string .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_only_unlimited_args_from_template
truth:  expected   null

test:  return true if plot is a regular file .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  log a message with severity info .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  log   null
truth:  logs   a

test:  return servers and address for retrieving rrd scheme .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  create   a

test:  runs the given text on the given stream .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  deserialize   xml
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generative sort of this function calls a class to generative a taxmodule method .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  this is a generic widget function to create a widget .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  widget   widget

test:  convert the location of schemas to a dict of query parameters for all the addons functions to the dict .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  converts   transform
truth:  convert   a

test:  marks valid resource as a dict() .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  context   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  used by the polar process .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  adapt vector to adapt .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  write   a
truth:  map   map

test:  normalizes an ascii string that can be used to make an ascii slug .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  replace   string
truth:  null   a

test:  extract the port from a docker port .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  inspect   a

test:  create the routes routes for a file cli examples: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  retrieve   build
truth:  add   route

test:  reorder the last largest/smallest .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   levels

test:  hashes a dct dictionary by adding a simple dict to the form class .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  take   null

test:  block until an instance is provided .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  converts an integer to an integer .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  null   return
truth:  check   check

test:  logs a context with a log status of the given context .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  run   a
truth:  set   set

test:  render an **tag form **tag name**:: form for the form passed in the form that is the template context value {% bootstrap_formset form rejection {% bootstrap_formset **example**:: {% form %}
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   returns
truth:  form   form

test:  dump the list of global site-packages messages to a list of global messages .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  serialize   calls
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  add rotation from prefix .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   collar
truth:  add   path

test:  return the absolute path of the epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the data into a vector .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator for checking if a method is run in a transaction .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  specified   multiple
truth:  search   search

test:  read a json formated file and return the string .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  read   a

test:  make a mock instance from the current request and return the current request object .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the accuracy of positive cases .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to open a single file and return a compressed document .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  sets up broken .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  null   json

test:  returns a string which takes a set of strings and its lower character .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  stop watching ready-for-l10n revisions for a product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   stop
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute a command and read the output as a new one .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  check if a filename matches the given filename .
truth: check if options . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  if   check

test:  extracts the xpath html as a string from an expression .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns the cached trees of a given path which span class which contains netproxies .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  return the currently active config key for this config .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   current

test:  filters linear rgb function f .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  null   variable
truth:  call   a

test:  add a user to the htpasswd file using the htpasswd command .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : name equals number .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  show the notification function for this minion .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  show   show
truth:  null   notification

test:  parses any any optional timestamp from file_like .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   return

test:  copy a source space to a static group .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  code   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  returns   html

test:  get the endpoint span .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create new paths of the quota library .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  award an existing badge to the configuration .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  null   badges

test:  runs the application and automatically make the latest version of the instance .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  deletes   search
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test packagefinder only accepts info .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets any number of blog posts in a varable .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   null

test:  filters the list of names that are sorted by an installed image .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  return   names
truth:  determine   null

test:  read deprecated bytes from a string .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   data
truth:  count   count

test:  serialize the users avatar url into the specified user object .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  return   return

test:  reset the docker settings to the new instance of the docker server .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  clear   content
truth:  populate   docker

test:  convert a repr string to a corresponding unicode object .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  existing   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write metadata as a standardized header .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  write   header
truth:  writes   null

test:  adjust fprime .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get paths from paths .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the t-test mean of order n .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-200 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  get the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy a s3 object from one s3 location to this bucket .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test that passing a tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  adds a new message to the try to a custom ownership directory .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  adds   migrate
truth:  change   message

test:  return a connected cluster based on the cluster .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  get   worker
truth:  build   a

test:  get a range of values from the redis set cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   redis
truth:  get   redis

test:  creates super user with normal permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  lock   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if old is a old version of old meaning .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  is   null

test:  defines a form and its parameters for a form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  returns a l{deferred} object at the bottom of the application .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  const_value : intconstant : simple_stmt | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  null   const_value
truth:  null   null

test:  get all rules of the given init rules .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  yields   null

test:  return a parts of the header value which can be an integer in a bytearray .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  order   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the given path resolves against the default url resolver .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  compute pivoted decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  compute   metrics
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test happy path of python 3 to unicode .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  given   lists
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a certificate set for the given cert .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a simple function with elements starting by the character .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  split   null
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  retrieves the cached backend configuration that matches the given api .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  mat hold .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  abandoned   doji
truth:  null   cloud

test:  create a json record from a json network .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  extract   try
truth:  value   value

test:  creates a sample directory and hashes in the given categories .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  generates   delete
truth:  null   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  add to surrounding from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  add   update
truth:  to   add

test:  creates a thread and returns it .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tests that we can create a spam that we can missing a folder that docstrings of a folder .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context request section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   configs
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  just returns a signature-matching module .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the status of first status cli examples: .
truth: get status code . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   status

test:  delete stripe given customer .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read egi data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  decides whether the service supports the dispatchable and iqr are videos .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  return   service
truth:  null   method

test:  test that we can amo properly set the y0(z) .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  load   load

test:  prints unified diff of a new one also stores it to a remote diff without a new one .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  unified   a
truth:  text   text

test:  return a datetime object indicating that the current date .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  module function for use in order to detect modules from the doc module .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to delete a value from a temporary value .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  function   null
truth:  set   set

test:  mount a new device with a acronyms .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   *
truth:  mount   mount

test:  prepare the exception for the specified exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  test   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns a list of phases for the given plugin .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  get   name
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  check if file can be downloaded on this file .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  adds a new task to the queue .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  returns   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  extracts the cookies of an user with the desired url and return the users response .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  request   request

test:  helper for the list of strings containing ids of strings for the given string containing the first tags .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  allow   try
truth:  split   split

test:  parse the right options .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  handles   seq
truth:  expr   expr

test:  transform the sasl serialization into a string .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  replaces   matrixsvg
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  create a new cell containing a given array .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  null   function
truth:  create   create

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  get a security group by id .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and thread id delete this thread ajax only .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_scipy .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  yield successive chunks from a list of successive chunks .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   returns
truth:  yield   null

test:  sync a new draft back to the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  get   update
truth:  sync   sync

test:  put a parsed url back together again .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  quotes   a
truth:  put   a

test:  encrypts the given keychain with the given filename and write it to the given filename .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  migrates   filename
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  team controller - combined used for participants .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   controller
truth:  training   controller

test:  send a command to a next condition .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   send

test:  test that an operation can be compared to a specific operation .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  passing   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  send a message to a pushover channel .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   message

test:  verifies that the user can be considered to the request .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  call   status
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  shows all customise fields for the resource .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  null   document
truth:  customize   null

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert obj to model .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  find the parameters in the database .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  mark a function c{f} as being with a request .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  to   decorator

test:  will check to see if ccx is used or not .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  test %reset reset part .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  a wsgi application which sets a constant to that the wsgi application .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  constructs a abs matrix for the feature this implementation is configurable for testing of two matrices .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  train   null
truth:  train   a

test:  send a message to the recipient server .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   build
truth:  send   a

test:  returns list of users users that have been admin other users .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  submits the virtual machine to the id for the id .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  function   vm
truth:  is   uuid

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  calculate   function
truth:  function   function

test:  minimum minimum blocking blocking .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  try to arrange a day with the given input .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  waits for the element to be either world or not present in the dom dom .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  wait   function
truth:  perform   a

test:  adds a string which is the concatenation of the strings in the sequence .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  collect   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add rack holes to rack .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine frappe .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  null   number
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  create threshold sauvola correlation matrix .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  computes   find
truth:  applies   null

test:  get the list of available display types .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a permission grant on the provided role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary converts a dictionary with nested values to nested dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   create
truth:  flatten   a

test:  format a timedelta with given number of seconds .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: timestamps adds support for the build plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:blame plugin <sloccount+plugin> .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  return the graph of a graph .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   information
truth:  load   a

test:  returns the language bidi layout .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  selected   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  run a child process and run its children .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  load an image from file .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  return   find
truth:  read   read

test:  create txt response .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  null   html
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for running cluster on a cluster .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  run   function
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  compare two strings .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  result   test
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful crud controller for option lookups .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  a function that can be used to test the config to md5 hex-character .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   cli

test:  open a browser on a server .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  open   start
truth:  run   nltk

test:  resolve a path to the scripts .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  this is called by the function in the relationships function .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dnf blob from a string .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wraps a jinja environment so that it can be used within a jinja environment .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  function   jinja2
truth:  create   create

test:  run the sequence of :nth-of-type() .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  requests   null
truth:  server   server

test:  generates a unique id for the given token .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retry the facebook graph .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  retry   blocks
truth:  sending   sending

test:  get the default domain .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  print a baremetal interface .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  document   document

test:  coerce value to a time from a given 8601 time .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  value   value

test:  convert a string into a list of lt* objects .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  set   set

test:  load a coverage of different locations .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  parses   load
truth:  load   a

test:  run seqret .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   session

test:  gets the diff for the current user .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  retrieve   lists
truth:  return   return

test:  get a vector3 from the given begin and end .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  encode a line transform into source line .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  tests   multiple
truth:  encode   encode

test:  generate a sequence of successive elements of a sequence .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  updates parent status of parent .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  update   status

test:  validate that the given *query resolves to a dict .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  null   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return betweenness betweenness centrality for nodes in place .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  edge   directed
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  check the status of private-browsing on python 3 .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  helper to load data from all returners .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object is a known instance type .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   a

test:  serialization serialization .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  replace the given path with its sympy form .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  regex   return
truth:  replace   argument

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a string argument to bool .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the lg tv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  registers a new instance of a new instance .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  register   a
truth:  add   a

test:  quarter plot .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   download
truth:  plot   plot

test:  cache and run lockfuncs .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  func   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  calculates arma impulse signal and mean of the standard deviation .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  test   version
truth:  get   get

test:  subscribe a topic to a specific topic .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  turn light off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  runs   header
truth:  called   null

test:  test setting up volume from situations .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  make masked masked array .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  mask   binary
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of products of a product .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve token information for an auth token .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  given   a
truth:  token   token

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses that are not yet been /proc/cpuinfo .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis for the current axes .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  decode text using ansi color .
truth: string in color . 
test:  text   a
truth:  string   in

test:  alias for -min_elemwise{x .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  display   display
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attempt to get the terminal size from a given audio size .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get the version of the path .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  fixture to clean httpbin object .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  prepend   names
truth:  like   like

test:  create a meeting link in the current user .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  let   link
truth:  log   a

test:  returns true if *obj* is instance and contains a klass .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   version

test:  return true if distribution is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute a multi-line netsh .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  changes   interface

test:  start the signal .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signal   validate
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the convert integer represented by n .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  convert   try
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute square-free roots of f .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  refine   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that a wheels object is ignored .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parses the tstamp field .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a given serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the default export variable .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  if   null
truth:  default   default

test:  write the entire row of a file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  unsubscribe a list from a list .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  returns an iterator of the nodes of g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download translations for bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  bench   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return a dict of all ips for linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this will import and import modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  details page: show a box with three tags .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  indentation   details
truth:  null   details

test:  find candidates under the given path .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  find   find
truth:  given   a

test:  return the year and month and month and month format .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the query for the activities about package_id .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a task to execute tasks .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  call   mapnode
truth:  starts   null

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  index   index
truth:  assigned   null

test:  add an event to the local minion name the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  find   a
truth:  accept   a

test:  constructs a client object from an instance and secret .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  obtain   returns
truth:  initializes   client

test:  function to decorate methods in order to withparent .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generates the specified security groups .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  generate   apply
truth:  builds   null

test:  extracts the first id from the header .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  print a list of available agents .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   server
truth:  list   list

test:  computes the prox for multiple components .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  return   up
truth:  null   operator

test:  convert a single transform into a string .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  import import module references .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  convenience function for estimating defined by the randomized distribution parameters s : ndarray the logarithm of the logarithm of the logarithm method of the logarithm of the matrix in which
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   commands
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  updates a default locale .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  open   quotes
truth:  were   null

test:  allow other users before this function is called by a test .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return true if the line is for the line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start a process in the given process .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  send   display
truth:  process   a

test:  test uninstalling and after a file .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  null   uninstall
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  create a network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the cityblock distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  change process uid and write cachedir cli example: .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  find   information
truth:  set   set

test:  context manager to temporarily changes the patched code to a global code .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  splits   crud
truth:  patch   patch

test:  sets a value that is exponential in a poisson distribution .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  get the textile value for textile .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  resolve   filter
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  finds an object that is a front by index .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  is   window
truth:  get   get

test:  the aws intent is currently an email .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  sum of a matrix exponential in the sum .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  null   counts
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt data with aes key .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   operation
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  get warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  null   page
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return the :class: .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  given   a
truth:  look   up

test:  empty : empty .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   null
truth:  empty   null

test:  creates a new distance graph of fancy levels .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  return   build
truth:  construct   a

test:  enhanced of all finite groups of all finite arrays .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  if   compute
truth:  throw   a

test:  unquote the string for the given unquoted and surrounds .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  unquote   quotes
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  given a course_key return the value of the element and a course .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   method

test:  parse asdl and return a dict .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  decorate all methods with the same arguments .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   decorator

test:  dispatch a new resultraise .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  send   a

test:  a toy django admin static file with django admin c c on django .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  computes the auto_auth __doc__ .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  use source field to backwards .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  source   unit
truth:  source   source

test:  parse the startup response .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  startup   packets

test:  determine if the loop is inside the begin loop .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   null

test:  try to get a datasource from a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get information about a schema .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  dictionary   value
truth:  return   a

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  replacing   test
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if the path is intersecting inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   intersections
truth:  if   null

test:  get the file encoding from a file .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  encoding   lines
truth:  to   try

test:  return the name of the current instance .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  null   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns the open subclass for a given source .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   field
truth:  returns   a

test:  update the named ports ports .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  update   method
truth:  set   set

test:  only run the cached variable .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  score   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the orphaned status of the command .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve the comment and given a comment .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  check if sync sync version satisfies the database version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   display
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  a wrapper to clean up after a software response .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  requests   a
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is unicode .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  returns   character
truth:  decode   character

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  this method is the first game of the data field in the case .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  empty   remove

test:  return the page url for the given name .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  return   get
truth:  look   up

test:  signals in order to issue featured .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  changes   new
truth:  null   queue

test:  split a pathname .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  map the given list of args to their respective temperature .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 replaces gpu block with gpu .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to open the figure and open the dirty .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  output   login
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  decorator to mark magic problems .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  test that the tests of the assumptions works .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this reads the minion with the given maintenance .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a file with the given name and write contents to it .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   contents

test:  return true if the given key can be executed by a pywin32 key .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  compose the dictionary as python objects for each type in dshape .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether a user should be imported .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the version of git currently installed .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  server   return
truth:  git   git

test:  only load the module if varnish is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  clone links on the local node .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  writes   run
truth:  open   documentation

test:  determine whether the grayscale is supported by the os x .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  if   check

test:  make sure registering works with existing language works as expected by the language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return the textile dict of an textile textile .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  function   function

test:  same as controlb .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  writes given sequence of beginning to write bins field ids_bcs_added_field: .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  null   program

test:  make sure the new-style attribute is cleared .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  returns the path to the home page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  null   user
truth:  named   null

test:  create a base suite for all the foo-1 .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  visit   visit

test:  try to find all the directories in the given package .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  list   list

test:  this calls a unicode value in a unicode safe way .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  null   data
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the path to the directory of the testfile .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  compute nl of input image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  serialize error .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  search for retrieving retrieving retrieving retrieving .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  ensure   use
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  verify control character .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  to   null
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset a network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  reset   network

test:  utility method to identify an target string .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  identify   create
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify a vmax as a creating vmax singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  coordinates   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a list of all the themes of all the themes that meet the files in a directory .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   theme

test:  gets the current timezone in the current context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  creates an internal lh object in the constraint .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  create user with provided user_id .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody disconnected from the homepage .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  disconnected   null
truth:  connected   null

test:  compare two dimensional lists .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  verifying   null
truth:  if   null

test:  download a zip file and unzip it to the local zip file .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  copy   export
truth:  download   a

test:  sends an shortest commit to the specified closing .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  send   commit
truth:  create   a

test:  doctest-skipping should skip a problem by default .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  run a specific elementtree sorting .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  list all roles available to the postgres server cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  list   redis
truth:  return   a

test:  call -> user-defined run command with arguments and configure the result returning only .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   call
truth:  command   command

test:  test average solution with wrap=true .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  copy   dipole
truth:  averaging   test

test:  allows the given map to add an existing map .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  upgrade   delete
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get an elasticache group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  calculates the binom count for one sample proportion .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return the subgraph crust for nodes in g .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure that any object is safe for use with a us/eastern job .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  serializes   url
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  returns true if the given wcs has a splits splits .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get the base python ipython .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  read rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  gets   read
truth:  read   read

test:  push a session document in a session document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  step on step definitions .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  skipped   null
truth:  default   default

test:  gets a sid from the specified name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  return   holidays
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a new 302 302 from context .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  to   multiple
truth:  modify   null

test:  write the tweets tweets from the public streaming api to a file .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  write   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  replace a setting with a kodi setting .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  change   compute
truth:  takes   a

test:  computes polynomial composition of f in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  function   function

test:  check security groups to set it may be used .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  to   a
truth:  modifies   null

test:  verify the validity of the algebra would like cross-platform .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  run   helper
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  this is a bunch of iterables for iterables .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  replace   object
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get an instance associated with name .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  get   check
truth:  to   check

test:  return an add-on dict containing url .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  downloads   factory
truth:  return   args

test:  return the datacenter path for the specified datacenter path .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  include depth y for an array .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  calculate   assert
truth:  depth   depth

test:  removes a databases from the database .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   nzb
truth:  drop   database

test:  takes a dict of binary sff files and returns a formatted string of the real sff : string files created by a base64 .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  iterator   helper
truth:  write   a

test:  compute the input data for a regression .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check that a given name is overlap with a given name .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  click the incoming event .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  logs   helper
truth:  select   null

test:  determine if the user can delete an addon .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wait for an object to return the appropriate status .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  assert that the contains list is changed .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns page object from preview or none if there is no page .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  find the lineage that should be used in certname .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  translate   details
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections of the loops .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   intersections

test:  follows follows .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  get   iterable
truth:  returns   a

test:  sorts the list of sorting that have been announcement .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sorts   a

test:  it should download a wheel archive path and returns a specified wheel path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  thickness thickness .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  decorator for locked .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts binary representation label to integer .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   integer

test:  if any exceptions that looks like a literal .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  error   error

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed on the system .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a search dict representation of a collection .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  load   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  join the execution of a different spawned thread .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  return   join
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  create a standard window .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  processes   a
truth:  if   null

test:  returns gamma sequence .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that we can extend this old-style on actor at the end of each line .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  rewrites   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns whether the login view is present in the html .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  return   stats
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the prefix for decoded values .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  setting   a
truth:  default   default

test:  called when the tcollector package is up .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  null   source
truth:  command   command

test:  paging request section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  uses   request
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for step m in y .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns the url for the given api .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  load and return resource from resource in manifest .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   list
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   routine

test:  displays the current startup disks :return: the current startup disks :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  pushes to delete a topic subscription .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  rotate   fetch
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  expands a key .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  xor   xor

test:  extract marker id from request or fail .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   marker
truth:  return   marker

test:  unsigned byte between 0 and zero .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the media descriptors object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   use
truth:  get   get

test:  builds a generator object from the raw code code object .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  returns   a

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  parse the supplied virtual machine in the database .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  print   print

test:  find size of files in the given path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  return   size
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a number between 0 and numbers as needed by big-endian to rational .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  convert   integer
truth:  converts   a

test:  a 307 temporary redirect redirect to the given url .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  existing   null
truth:  null   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   titles

test:  make sure that theano methods doesnt choke the same number of the theano .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  transform array of binary labels into flat arrays the first dimension labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts a string into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   key
truth:  converts   key

test:  download data from a url .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  downloads   data
truth:  download   download

test:  reverse a users songs .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  order   order

test:  select the list of path components .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  select   name
truth:  null   null

test:  return an iterator over iterable at unite .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the template for the given language .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  format   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compiles all controllers in the application .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   null
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return the current time zone .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  null   show
truth:  return   return

test:  a path that first argument of the default override .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  set   sys
truth:  provide   null

test:  prepare the md5 hash of the specified user .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  get   formats
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  prints a datetime value .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  decides whether parameters are validation .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  error   a
truth:  prefix   a

test:  provides a config object .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  start a celery help tasks .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  command   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  copies the config for a config object .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  null   config
truth:  to   add

test:  initialize a nice configuration .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  enforce   a
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a private key and set its new location in a private key .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  included in post api with received certificate certificates for testing .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  return the absolute path to a resource on the master .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   path

test:  create a dict containing all entries converted to a dict .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no noheader .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  merge step .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  read in the string from the environment variables .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  selected   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if openstack-service is installed on this minion .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  this function returns a handle to the life of the life .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  sends   request
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function takes a list of files and returns a list of files in the order .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  computes style loss for one or more loss .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  returns   distance
truth:  computes   style

test:  field_seq : function enum_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears events css by remote you have been processed .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  test that you can write a full size: format .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  test   test
truth:  write   a

test:  return markup .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  function   a
truth:  apply   html

test:  setup the wink sensors .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  access   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  returns list of series of series whose values is the series of series names .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  figure   figure

test:  escape a line .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  replaces   new

test:  clears the ccx field for the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  chain a given expression with all elements .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  cos test objective function .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  gets   modules
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a dict describing the id of the specified dns dns dns dns dns dns .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  gets   summary
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a version from v1 .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   diff

test:  given a path .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  template   create
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  a hook on windows .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  sets   sys
truth:  call   pdb

test:  returns an entity service object .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  cleanup temporary dirs/files .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  clean   temporary
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  list local transfer files .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  output   null
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  given a url remove the given database and a key/val pair .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  given   replace
truth:  given   a

test:  do any work necessary to prepare the job id directory this is the function responsible for vertical job .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  get the dd for an object .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  parses   property
truth:  takes   in

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the average of the average from each series is farther than the given series .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test template_name .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new xor cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether an object is an instance of a built-in type .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  just returns the string as valid settings as a currency string .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a list of the calculators .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  wait for a key in the etcd to be sent .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  custom formstyle for indexing .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that removal_version check .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  escapes a url for ldap ldap ldap urls .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  quotes   extension
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  volunteer programmes controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   crud

test:  remove the signature from the package name .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  uninstall   delete
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  class decorator to create a class with a metaclass .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  perform   metaclass
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy data from source to another location .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  copy   move
truth:  null   null

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   number

test:  flatten a nested series of tuples .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  convert   app

test:  create a docstring between two strings .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  return   setup
truth:  fill   a

test:  returns configuration directory for the virtual environment variables .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  works like assembly but instead of wrapping .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  null   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a relative url from a relative url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if incomplete files have been write complete .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  setuptools   validate
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  search up a query number of 100 bounds .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  searches   search
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   load
truth:  parse   a

test:  display the state data from the salt master and display it custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  return   image
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  handles the current english map .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  downloads   query
truth:  list   list

test:  sample weighted geometric plot of percentile .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  generate   sample
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  initialize   a

test:  jump_statement : goto id semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read 64bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   16bit
truth:  read   16bit

test:  run before displaying the next code use this e .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  null   run
truth:  executed   null

test:  get the default volume type by name .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the generalized gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a model model from a dictionary .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  add given function to an instance of the given function .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  add   add
truth:  bind   cli

test:  this just checks if a file exists .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the text representation of the command line .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  have   reverse
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for methods that do not allow javascript .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  null   return
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a directory name .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  starting   starting

test:  return the directory to use for mkdir tests .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  gets the list of coverage configuration marked to the scripts .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  pull   null
truth:  return   return

test:  transforms the given image into the differences between the edge and the aspect .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  puts   null
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  return filter that checks if a group is created .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of errors that a file or directory cli example: .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  performs a decoder check on an ssh user .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  rate   example
truth:  iterate   null

test:  converts the given data to camel components .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  extracts   converts
truth:  convert   snake

test:  function to decorate methods in order to avoid methods .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  to   display
truth:  return   return

test:  test getting completion for bash shell .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  test javascript binding .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  make   dependency
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator that skips tests on python 2 .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   fallback

test:  return the current site configuration .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sets parameters .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  use   a
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: validating execute validating command with validating parameter parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  copy   pmd
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate the middle summary of a css model .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   update
truth:  null   eval

test:  helper to get from keen from keen from keen to test .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  assumes   univariate
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  return the serves facet items for the given facet .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  unassign a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return v1 == corrcoef == corrcoef .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  module   calculate
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  we try to search for a given server .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  searches   search
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  null   mode

test:  return a record representing a constant .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns the size of size n with each row .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  raise   a

test:  convert a datetime object into a datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  test   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  expand angle .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  expands   expand
truth:  provides   null

test:  start pyjserror function that will allow it to be used with the correct name of the buffer .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  null   test
truth:  dedent   null

test:  convert a path in the form of ~user to absolute path .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   data
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reset the cache .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  reset   reset

test:  splits up an auth string .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  function   null
truth:  split   a

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   enzyme
truth:  parse   cell

test:  import error node .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  cleans   product
truth:  if   check

test:  orv == orv == orv(intersection) .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  null   unification
truth:  null   orv

test:  validate an element .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a new dictionary .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  signed matlab content .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  null   content
truth:  return   return

test:  testing the colorful output of many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   logging
truth:  testing   testing

test:  uses findtexmf to read the command output from a given starcluster command line .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  run   run

test:  put files in a list of paths .
truth: many builds . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  visible visible .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  build the warnings type for a specific message .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  select   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  verify that the specified action is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  ensure   return
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  indentation manager .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  indent   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the cost cost of g .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create the theme name given the parent theme .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  create   null
truth:  name   name

test:  recommend common to recommend .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  return   top

test:  get the function text from a file .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  pass in a list of option names to a new one .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a message about the experiment usage:: log .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   log

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   f
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  get   list
truth:  return   return

test:  send local system manager to system .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  send   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the version string from the os .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  runs a wsgi application .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  call   default
truth:  like   like

test:  returns whether the user is protected by an instance of a authentication .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  write seqs to fasta .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   string
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return a genrepo configuration options .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  create   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  lists all of the plugins available on the system .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test to see if a bucket has a valid bucket .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  test   test

test:  load json object as json .
truth: compress json . 
test:  scan   json
truth:  compress   json

test:  save sys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  context   contents
truth:  make   null

test:  creates a file .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  create   create

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use netmiko to change the logging on pynet-rtr2 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  render all child dependencies into a dict .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  runs   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the job is a html job which can be used as an html page .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  selects   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  return the length hint of an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  value   strings
truth:  return   return

test:  locate the vmx utilities command for the specified datacenter .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  to   content
truth:  to   function

test:  returns a filter name for the given filetypes list of apps .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  takes a list of order order and a dictionary of order .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  change   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  adds an answer rule for the given rule .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  null   a
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  hilbert transform - instantaneous class .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  null   balance
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  turn on logging and add a logging mapped by default .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   logs
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop the specified service .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set that a course has been invalidated for the course .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  get   view
truth:  set   set

test:  test that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return true if the object is an instance of a isframe instance .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process all files for a given files .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  null   null
truth:  process   process

test:  return the url for the request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out the list of filters .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  given   a

test:  checks that sample ids of duplicates are duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  checks   runs
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test downloads a mock stream .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  null   download
truth:  if   null

test:  pull a new directory from a remote one .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  clones   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  uses   uses

test:  check that bio .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  mimic   test
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure the specified subnet group exists within the given elasticache subnet .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   state
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  parse the request to get the http request .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  performs   get
truth:  try   try

test:  table by col class .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  text   text
truth:  fixed   null

test:  compute the dot product of two arrays .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  counts   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the list of files that can edit a list of arc .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  returns the number of resource pools in the test .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   property

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  merge includes the given pattern .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  prompt the user to provide a value .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   reading
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create new key in snake padded .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the prefix of unique prefix doesnt exist .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   one
truth:  saves   one

test:  remove an iis application pool .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse udevadm device info .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  return   dependencies
truth:  parse   parse

test:  restore references to a configuration item from a configuration item .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  migrates   null
truth:  is   null

test:  compute attenuation count for an array .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  providing a directory on the device .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  require   null
truth:  project   project

test:  make sure that the writeconsolew is valid .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  update no special configuration .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  null   dependency
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  a seq1 of employees employees of the received repository on the received module .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the python version as a string .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the version of the pong! .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test dimension exception thrown by an dim on a model .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  dimension   null
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  check if files exist on the given file .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  if   null

test:  receive related items .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  use   use
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing data .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator that yields a paths matching a filesystem path .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns connected graph .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return data passed through word_size//8 filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  given   data
truth:  return   data

test:  gets the host spec for an connections .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  sends an http url and redirects all successful oauth url to the given url .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  given   null
truth:  have   null

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  initial callback - parses the users insecure errors .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  return   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  validate a color value .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  null   field
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of displayable displayable dicts that an exploration .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if the given object has access to the course .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  hook   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  generate a parser that can be passed to the named module .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  specified   clone
truth:  import   import

test:  run a salt service .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  name   name

test:  the classifier pickle should be used to load a function .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  borrowed   gl
truth:  null   example

test:  returns a slice of the elements that cant be converted to a slice expression .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  take   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a detached process with ok=false .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  test   start
truth:  starting   starting

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a review review .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  null   return
truth:  skip   a

test:  returns the flat list of tags for a given tag .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  split   null
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount a configured storagepool .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  processes   hook
truth:  create   a

test:  set the repr of a flag for an var1 .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  return   description

test:  split the sequence into a sequence of arguments .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  map   map

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yield for all files in the given roots .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  load cached cached versions .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   salt

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function to check the file into a directory part of a file .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   prints
truth:  setting   setting

test:  return trailing url from source file .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  source   source
truth:  null   null

test:  setup sudoers for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  bench   frappe
truth:  add   commands

test:  test reading and transformation of frappe .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   test
truth:  converting   test

test:  assign a numpy array containing the values of the array x .
truth: aux function . 
test:  make   attribute
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a html for a format:: instance .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check data type for array of elements .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  allocate   a

test:  save information about a task definition as a task .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  save   null
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a replacement for emitted that are not emitted by serializing .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  open   a
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  null   reading
truth:  null   convenience

test:  check if the given url is valid .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get a list of all users that are currently supported by the user .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  remove leading zeros from f .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  deletes tags from a file system .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  delete   tags
truth:  add   add

test:  sets a widget and text .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get all cgsnapshots .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  validates whether the given repos is a nofollow request for use in redirect .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  null   target
truth:  define   null

test:  entry point for the options .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  calculate   notification
truth:  null   level

test:  link to the issue in bokeh documents in this project .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  to   link
truth:  to   link

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  get a body of a given field .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  null   apply
truth:  null   null

test:  test database tables .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   database

test:  make a writebyproteinrec for multiple three arrays .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  write   a

test:  only load this module if python-ethtool is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a new keyring keyring cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   keyring

test:  returns the url for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  get   get

test:  builds the type spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  adds some external objects to a response .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  caching   set

test:  returns true if the given node is eligible for the given node .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  returns the microsite associated with the given course info .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the ca ca ca ca certs file name .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  compute shortest within distances within a distance matrix .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  given   distance
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a datetime to a timestamp .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  get   a
truth:  display   a

test:  this loss as described by the encryption of a positive instance .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  compute   toggle
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  generate a random string with the given whitelist and allchars .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  null   rstrip
truth:  generate   a

test:  sample each element of a function call in x .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  used   like
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   a

test:  a decorator for retrying a function .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  removes a directory and all its given path .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds the first numtips to the given tree .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  sets the database for a specific connection .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   defaults

test:  a context manager that does not crash to a file descriptor .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the cache cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a basic example of build instructions .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  null   script
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure that the instance is not not not not not not not not not not not not not passed .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  stack   inclusive_or_expression
truth:  stack   stack

test:  save image to disk .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  select   delete
truth:  showing   null

test:  this method validates that the runner has all the same override in the attribute override .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return threshold image .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  threshold   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  generate a file .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  runs   message
truth:  print   print

test:  decorator for notify which require that the decorated method is added to their wrapped authentication .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  define   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  map an api context dict into an object .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   info

test:  pick an genelatex .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  object   null
truth:  latex   latex

test:  ensure that the cookies stub are raised when config is changed .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add a list of terms to their url .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  add   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  a decorator that assign a dummy variable to a redirection .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  replace none with an empty string .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  string   string

test:  verify whether a x509 certificate exists .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  to put the host system in a specified host or list of host_names .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  disconnect   redirects
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and return a choice value for option of type optdict .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  update a protected record .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  set   set
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  rebuild object from html .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  verify that a source is a valid yaml string .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  list   list

test:  csm_properties(csm) iir data using a sinusoidal model .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  compute   word
truth:  fit   fit

test:  initialize logging for spider .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  null   function
truth:  logs   logs

test:  reconstruct the line of a matrix .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  evaluate   matrix
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   load

test:  install a test with a specific app .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  setup   logger
truth:  point   point

test:  get an elastic policy document for the group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   information
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  convert a string .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that skips the specified driver if the driver is not false .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  makes a new channel for an rpc service .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a static web wsgi filter for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run the js tests in the console .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   source
truth:  run   run

test:  return the default help unto the given formatter cli example: .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  default   default

test:  determine current disk profile .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  sign   user
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convert a file name or folder to a relative path .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  simple simple simple simple extras from extras .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  installing   null
truth:  installing   test

test:  convert a utc timestamp to ram .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  test   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  returns all assets that are migrated in the zarp template .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  normalizes   return
truth:  null   strategy

test:  check that a path is incompatible incompatible .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  test   download
truth:  handle   chain

test:  create a sequence of two directories .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  null   dask
truth:  given   multiple

test:  given an email address .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  given   try
truth:  if   check

test:  convert a hex colors to delegate .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  take   a
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer | float .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  null   sys
truth:  null   integer

test:  polynomial division with remainder in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  extended   polynomial
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  simple sort .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  escapes   null

test:  this function is see if the central date is a matrix which is the matrix b: .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   weights

test:  adds a placeholder int with the placeholder arguments and returns a new .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  show   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  encrypt data with the given secret and secret key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  encrypt   decrypt
truth:  null   null

test:  get list of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   median
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  only load this module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  load   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an array of items that correspond to the selected tree but not allowed to access the selected tree .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  selected   returns

test:  plot the plot class of a month .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   node
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns either the absolute image or a given image .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the given html with the given taps .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  batch   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  create a display display for the given title .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  separate   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a setuptools and uses it to create a setuptools .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a new contents of a file and writes it to a given port .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  write   something

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns a form for the given kwargs .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  converts a python string into an ascii string .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  new transcripts view shows all repos and enter them .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  rewrite   home
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  convert a relative url to a local url .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   a

test:  clears globally installed manager .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  destroy the given or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  provides script levels that can be used to compress an argument .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  command   command

test:  convert a string to array .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  convert   data
truth:  transform   transform

test:  decorator used to change the getaddrinfo of a method in order to cache .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  makes   a

test:  shift_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   shift_expression
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  copy same way as find_pure_symbol .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  ensure   plot
truth:  returns   a

test:  join a list of tensors to a single space .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  returns   volume
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a scipy .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  returns a list of keys from true .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   power

test:  monkey-patch settings in the settings file .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  verify   settings
truth:  checks   checks

test:  appends the composite index to an index .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  classify   prefix
truth:  formats   formats

test:  initiate a request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  initiate   a

test:  edit edit to default .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   details
truth:  edit   media

test:  element-wise l1 .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  null   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  make a message by applying the cmd and optionally other it .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  stack   a
truth:  terminate   task

test:  given a class for either an appropriate type or a type of a class .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  null   tuple
truth:  null   type

test:  runs a test as a unittest python process .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  func   null
truth:  null   a

test:  wraps a dot product .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  search   position
truth:  null   null

test:  construct a sokal-sneath expression containing cls .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   matching
truth:  expr   expr

test:  fetches an exploration from the model .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  model   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes all none in string varmap .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  func   func
truth:  func   func

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  null   build
truth:  null   entry

test:  resolve the hostname on the master and resolve it if necessary .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  host   host

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  activate epochs with randomly further .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  the smallest integer k such that the rsa can be extracted by the iterations .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the password of a local user cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  reset   a

test:  returns a list of paths to all the files in the given path .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  add hosts to label hosts .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  host   logs
truth:  add   multiple

test:  check contacts of standard password .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  sets   user
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning a set of parents nodes with limited fields for rendering the parent alias that are not used to generate the value of parent .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  converts an index to a three letter code .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  convert   letter
truth:  to   index

test:  register the past codec .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  register   null
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  convert utf-8 to utf-8 .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the maximal clique complement of the graph g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  find   find

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in it .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bitbucket execute a bitbucket page requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  null   null

test:  a helper function to return a new dict with keys .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the inset points inside the loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  saves an object and update its objects .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  save   set
truth:  save   a

test:  read the next input from the pcfg file .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  null   op
truth:  null   kernel

test:  get information about the xfs filesystem .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  prints   information
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  a simple way to base class .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   negation

test:  convert *is* to byte string .
truth: as above . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new endpoint of a specific endpoint .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  create   create
truth:  insert   a

test:  performs a path of file .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  applies   find
truth:  uses   uses

test:  helper method for common module of adapts .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  call   a
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list all zones for a tenant cli example: .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  list   zones

test:  get the full key for the aws key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  given an http redirect url .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets all the list of all deps that are currently sorted by the given kivy .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get the test type of a kernel .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  tests   fixes
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  verify a csr against csr or pem .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   certificate
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture which provides a fake download stub object .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  test %reset cell in the current process .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  patch one volume on fake os .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   disconnect
truth:  patch   patch

test:  gets the binary image for a gdb instance .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  allow   lists
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if merge is allowed to be used in writer .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  null   source
truth:  null   policy

test:  return the string describing the alias offset .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   alias

test:  get a deferred that can be sent at the end of a repository .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test of scripts .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if dhcp options exists return if the dhcp options has the requested vpc id .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   check

test:  escapes characters so it knows the given css groups converted to a css groups .
truth: from url . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  update   packages
truth:  updates   packages

test:  return the text of a file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  create   build
truth:  string   string

test:  deletes the given api api service returns {deleted: true} if api was deleted and returns {deleted: true .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  deletes   a

test:  test that all apps are shown by app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   null
truth:  running   running

test:  return the value rounded to a float .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  to   value
truth:  filter   filter

test:  upload an s3 object to an s3 file .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  help   events
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the requested movie object .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   media
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in the "exec" dir .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  test   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  creates a template resource for implementation of definitions .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove the boolean from the boolean cygwin .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  file   one
truth:  remove   a

test:  load the value from the overridden python object .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  function   function
truth:  given   a

test:  generate a typical method on a nested method .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  give   null

test:  cleans up any stubs from the subsystem .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  resets   null

test:  authentication is not require that the user be logged in .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  trash a new trash .
truth: remove message . 
test:  stub   view
truth:  remove   message

test:  returns true if the provided authentication is websocket .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  if   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  print list of files in the configuration file .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   list
truth:  list   list

test:  the main function runs this module .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  null   program
truth:  run   run

test:  max pooling pool .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   lists
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  try to determine if a module is relative to a relative module .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get text for options in a text .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   sql
truth:  assigned   get

test:  only load the module if postfix is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  return a dict of environment proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a projectresource object for the given package .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   bridges
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that a salt signal is installed .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create an array with a basic shape and array .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper method that walk the list of patterns in the given patterns .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  ignore   null
truth:  function   function

test:  take a string containing a namespace name and expand it into a string of the windows fields .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   return
truth:  take   a

test:  updates style library and create a new library .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  find   uses
truth:  update   style

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute polynomial division of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  construct   a

test:  load versions .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  return   irreducibility
truth:  null   part

test:  create a new workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  save   function
truth:  activate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add users to the user .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   user

test:  given a username or a username .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  append the current release_id version to the :class:horizonbuilder .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  return   version
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  integrate plugins to the context passed as plugins .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   plugins
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  returns a random attribute .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  on windows .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  return   create
truth:  like   like

test:  computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  this function waits for if urlerror is not available .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  retry   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the current compensation socket .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the hardware architecture of the machine .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convenience function for working files .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  test   a
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a fits record format to fits format .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  fits   tickets
truth:  record   record

test:  function to decode a generator and return the resulting one .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  check if x supports holding sort of static rows .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  context   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds the dummy spec for the virtual switch .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns an error string with backslash and > > " .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to exempt from the csrf header set to deny if the view from the csrf header set
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  helper function that converts a timedelta object into a timedelta of seconds .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   seconds
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  returns the logarithm base b .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return a short .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  calculates the harmonic mean of the mean along the given axis .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  return   return

test:  factor univariate polynomials over finite fields .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  get the users username for the specified user .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  get   username
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches the account and stores it in the user .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the name corresponding to a albums or a lexically .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  label   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadef namespace or raise if it does not exist .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  controller to manage widgets page .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  return   a

test:  a view that modifies the api views of mobile sizes .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  handle   estimate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the group module if the os linux .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  set   work
truth:  work   work

test:  parse a string referring to the steps in text .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  null   text
truth:  parse   a

test:  draw a gpus: job to disk .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  called   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  converts the per-class dict to html and return html as a tuple of the result .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate a test method that instantiates the given test and async to it automatically handles the web .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the platform id of shape .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  play a *nix event loop with threads and play threads .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  sleep   null
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check the file upload count of all the keys in the request .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return selected transform of arbitrary type along an axis .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  return   discrete

test:  do not allow a dailymotion .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   downloads
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  email to send emails to inform emails to a particular thread .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  adds   email
truth:  given   a

test:  set the info used by registry .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs information about the given jobs .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  get   get
truth:  like   like

test:  collects all files in the given document .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  returns   template
truth:  walk   null

test:  this only supports resource os .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test get_version() when invalid invalid version is invalid .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  loop   test
truth:  test   test

test:  rebuild query parameters that performs several variables within several indices using dictionary passed to interpolate variables .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  perform   lists
truth:  execute   sql

test:  filter the md5 checksum of filters .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a new sha1 hash of the current reduction .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  if   a
truth:  test   interaction

test:  ticketstatus edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  insert : integer | newline .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   rule

test:  clean out data in source bitstring .
truth: clean component . 
test:  cleans   remove
truth:  clean   component

test:  given the given dict of headers .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return the fully qualified site .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   url
truth:  return   return

test:  get the set of packages installed within a venv .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create and verifies text for empty trash .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  null   remote
truth:  empty   trash

test:  a wrapper for memoizing that allows arbitrary threaded .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  func   func

test:  tests that the review get the old cant work on a comment .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a dictionary as a element .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  return   connect
truth:  convert   python

test:  deletes a new document .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse markup string and return parsed content .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively recursive files in a path .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  mark   check
truth:  walk   null

test:  test calc_footprint without distortion .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  calculate   test
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the given list of values .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   arrays
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the completions for all completions .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   method
truth:  update   update

test:  expand an attribute of a codeobj instance .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  returns   metadata
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse a string referring to the metrics metrics .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  parse   interface
truth:  is   input

test:  generate an individual backend to use in stochastic format .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a set of file data files inside a package .
truth: by default . 
test:  return   files
truth:  default   default

test:  escapes a given keyword arguments .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  removes the given groups from the instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  convert a mac address in graph6 format into its textual representation .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  import a file to load .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  module   import
truth:  content   content

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   target
truth:  define   null

test:  test prefilter attribute this is not built correctly .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  null   test
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  plugin registration .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  register   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  release an interface to the device name .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  claim   events
truth:  release   release

test:  ensure that a stonith stonith is present on the computenode name irrelevant .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  displays all child actions actions .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   find
truth:  start   start

test:  returns true if the first matrix is a reserved matrix .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifying the output with expected results for expected correction with multiplier equal to unity line .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  verifying   null

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   data
truth:  sign   data

test:  mark a traffic server in the the the named service is disabled and the services that is disabled on the server .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  ensure   service
truth:  disable   null

test:  async version of a transaction .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  activate   a
truth:  null   async

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template
truth:  expected   null

test:  test to make sure the reader ignores whitespace at the end of fields .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   readers

test:  dummy function for retrieving apps .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  allows   doctype
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes and encodes to base64 .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  serializes   object
truth:  pickle   a

test:  merge list of dicts .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  copy   copy

test:  checks if item is availalbe .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  determine the value of a command line .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  write a message to the log file .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  write   null
truth:  adds   message

test:  check for missing dependencies .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  accepts both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check if a keyspace exists in influxdb .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  if   function
truth:  if   check

test:  yield pairs from a nested dictionary .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  are   null
truth:  reduces   a

test:  the distutils .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a partition to correctly by terms of size .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  null   sequence

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  returns the path to the scripts .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  calculate   path
truth:  return   return

test:  format an object for use in the css file .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  error   error
truth:  print   a

test:  return a color .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  get   value
truth:  color   color

test:  renders links and offer events .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test an identityinterface join .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  join   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  helpful for sdk .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   information

test:  performs a logger on all of the logger .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  close   tuple
truth:  closes   null

test:  handled links .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for caching that ensures that starting data passed in .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure we can compile functions with &key .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   compile
truth:  ensure   null

test:  recursively move a file or a directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  this function is a multivariate test function that returns an empty array of a 1d :jenkins-wiki:sloccount .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  return   n
truth:  null   null

test:  compute prediction class .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   univariate
truth:  scale   scale

test:  returns the config options for the git checkout .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the day of the day summary .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plots   day

test:  associations test objective function .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  solves   null

test:  refine the raw enc .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  return   validation
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for rruleset methods which may be callable .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  returns true if received server uses the local one .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  server   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the given model is valid .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the float .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the access access key .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  main entry point .
truth: main loop . 
test:  wait   section
truth:  loop   loop

test:  retry the api request object with the given retries .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  make   a
truth:  send   send

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   stringprep
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  processes a template and load it with the specified path .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  create   null
truth:  require   a

test:  computes the circular similarity between 0 and preloading .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  downgrade line snippet .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  create   create
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  check if the given nictag exists in the nictag nictag nictag to run on the system .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  remove leading zeros from f in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  simulates   return
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  run the test cases .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  include   row
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a filename to a dotted path .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  make   a

test:  shut down all arrays and update their bond1 cli example: .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  task used to truncate the last run of a script .
truth: main program . 
test:  is   translations
truth:  null   program

test:  return the icosahedral icosahedral graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a utilities string into a dict of positional arguments and creates a dict-like object .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parses   table
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  null   effect
truth:  null   effect

test:  returns whether task is a descriptor .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  are   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve email address for a given user .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over all the tests .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  import imports in all modules .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  use   module
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute the diagonals and apply a much operation on each image .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  construct   jinja2
truth:  return   a

test:  list all partitions on a texts mapping .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  imports   try
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  load an ]]] token from a modulestore token .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  loads   searches
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  merge multiple volume that are tagged .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   group
truth:  creates   group

test:  read epochs .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  read   reader
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a task report report report for the given email report .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a matrix of the first romberg matrix .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  diff   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start since context manager for the celery celery .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  starts   manager
truth:  start   worker

test:  return the soname of a file .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  file   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  get   a

test:  their structure structure that can verify the given number of <metrics> .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  check two lists of seqrecords features .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given value is a valid unified instance .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  helps you want to connect to a remote host .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  given   url
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return the locale name from locale or locale .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  display a product list page .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  null   product

test:  forceably terminate all the forceably by causing them to raise an exception when the block fails .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   runs
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function to scale an image with a given side .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  regex   remove
truth:  given   a

test:  walk a directory tree .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to get an iterator of iterables .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  null   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build and return path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  factory function for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  run a wsgi application in the form of the application and returns the results in a wsgi application .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the default deadline deadline deadline if the thread was not provided .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that skips tests on python 2 .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the current time in milliseconds since the epoch .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  convenience function for blob-ish parameters obj : pandas .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  null   frequency

test:  returns a password digest of a given username .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  get   password
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to amazon s3 key .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  look   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  send d command .
truth: send create database . 
test:  creates   set
truth:  create   create

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a namespace or raise if namespace or dat or metadef .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get the vol list to use based on the outputs .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  show   a
truth:  get   a

test:  checks if the given match is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is called only when the server goes down due to a shutdown or reset .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  find one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  get the current program name cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  show   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the result suite from a runner and a json suite .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  find   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  look up the location in the git config .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  server   check
truth:  return   a

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list profiles .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  return   argument
truth:  list   list

test:  adds an explicit connection to the named package(s) extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  runs   host
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a set of strings .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  is   type
truth:  set   set

test:  encode a string using a url-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  function   function

test:  execute docker commands if command is true .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  perform   docker
truth:  to   prefix

test:  return the python used for the current request .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap an endpoint with a protocol .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert a list wrapper to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  lead field meg for whats legendre meg series .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   field

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: module view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  specifying a single system has passed to the function .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  command   command

test:  handle 500 response .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   real

test:  convert a polynomial f in gf(p)[x] to an integer .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   conversion
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  returns an event by name .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function is the moldindicator combine of the data field .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  null   indices
truth:  apply   apply

test:  check for curve of ipython functions in curve .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a 2-tuple containing .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  null   search
truth:  search   search

test:  trims the smallest and largest data .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  null   null
truth:  trims   null

test:  returns the total markov markov .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   null

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the capped log10 likelihood .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  calculate the hash value given a string .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  outputs a date on the page .
truth: display the date . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  display   display

test:  write a string table to a file .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  change the installed request .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  this method is deprecated .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  save   data
truth:  write   image

test:  connect to the ldap class .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  return a signature scheme object pkcs115_sigscheme that can be used to perform pkcs#1 pss signature or verification .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse : intconstant : * .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   k
truth:  null   null

test:  clears the dag for the given dag .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the verbose_name and supports_recursive .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  get   arguments

test:  not all incoming bytes .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a tuple of the arguments in a tree .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  walk   tree

test:  copy files from a copy of a given url .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  take   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  get the current user .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  return   import
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package which defines a requirements requirements .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  installing   null
truth:  installing   test

test:  retrieves the list of indexes and their datastore indexes .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that the test function is active .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  run   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of bits that are used to render the given array .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  renders a compiler tag for use in the default arguments .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  sends an inventory inventory .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  refresh   exclude
truth:  null   null

test:  download an api file .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   api

test:  load the appropriate zip file and return the napalm path .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  imports   imports

test:  list available ci% activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test if the mnist data supports it isnt going to be pip .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  dumps   test
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  restful crud controller - could be used for searching for private places .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  returns a string with unicode representation of a given string .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  call   encoding
truth:  string   string

test:  generate an :obj:ordereddict object of the $() device .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  func   a
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decorator to decorate a function or method if process_request_body is not loaded .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  only the named service is enabled in the computenode .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  to   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  return a datetime object for the year .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves the request from the user .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  get   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert a list of issues into a dictionary of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  provides a context object for use in a signal handler .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  context   a
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply the output of the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  call   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  iterate over filenames and files in a directory .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  get   a
truth:  yield   elements

test:  create a dynamic collection .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  initialize   display
truth:  hook   hook

test:  function enforces non-null value for keypairs type .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  null   replication
truth:  adds   function

test:  decorator only raising a function if it is not already in the current empty .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  splituser --> /path .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  backup   a
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize the specified json state .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  configure   map
truth:  logging   logging

test:  send a soft to the named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  send   a

test:  solves the equation x_{1}^2 + x_{2}^2 + .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  sync default modules from current desktop list of modules and creates a dict of modules which should be created when it is needed .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  given   update
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  extract a patch temporary image by adding a patch to a new location of the function .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  use   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns an entry for the given backend .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  only load if the dockerio execution module is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run worksheet with workbook .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   xlwt
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get the unicode .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return path to an existing container .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  command   command

test:  models are shown by the "harvest" itself .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   null
truth:  running   running

test:  check that the service tags are available for the last folders .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  utility function for creating an rgb cost .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get list of all volumes in a cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  append   a
truth:  return   a

test:  note: robust to put a list of indices .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  generate   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  generates the list of plots for the given test .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  test   train
truth:  load   load

test:  get language setting for the language language .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  to   language
truth:  to   try

test:  compile a python source file .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  register   register

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check if two lists of strings are tuples .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  check   lists
truth:  return   return

test:  populate the list of disks that have been wipe .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  list   solve
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a repository and create its plan_id directories .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get the first word of a line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vertex

test:  collects a list of all jobs from the given url .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  import   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns a margin containing the calculated of a file and geometry for sharing the image .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes a scheduled plugin from the given plugin .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  its possible .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  change   a

test:  get the np .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  callback for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  close   close

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  parses the sample id of an existing sample id .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  parses   parses

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  search   a
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  send an email with pdp created .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  indicates   handler
truth:  request   request

test:  performs the gradient of the scalar frame .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  null   square
truth:  returns   returns

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   path

test:  test simple example for a multi-part row .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  issue   source
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  creates and returns json string .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  returns   map
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract the http link from the header and yield it in the header that can be passed with the header at the given header .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   links
truth:  extract   links

test:  print a list of tuples .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  print   a
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  load all the ip addresses from all the specified ip address .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  get a connection .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the git fetch of the git fetch the git checkout .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  guess   null
truth:  make   null

test:  check if we are running on device .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the current thread name in the current thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test to make sure that we call to run before and that any db is running .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  null   test
truth:  is   null

test:  import content from the given file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  imports   content
truth:  content   content

test:  ensure the bounded object with a bounded works .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  need   need

test:  check if the named service is disabled .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  name   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  converts an instance of the target class from the target string into the extract_diagonal object .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : expr lt expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr lt expr | expr ne expr | expr gt expr |
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   null

test:  unload ipython extension .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  null   null
truth:  unload   unload

test:  gets the security group rule in a group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  associate   number
truth:  rules   rules

test:  plot influence from the device .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   influence

test:  write the tunnel to a remote machine .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  test fit a bound constraints with bound bound constraints .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list all of the saved _color_ when the mainloop command line .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  parse   lists
truth:  set   up

test:  return the number of groups that are present in the accompanying .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  find in a line considering value in a reasonable fashion .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  performs a random shear .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  return   connect
truth:  performs   a

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  run a synchronous query w/ all code:str paged .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  add volumes table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  replace   delete
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: system-groovy execute a chain builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:release plugin <release+plugin> .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  atom : tuple .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   view
truth:  atom   atom

test:  counts the count of paragraphs that are close to iterable .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  increment   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a httpresponse that can be used to main page .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  if   returns

test:  recursively resolves the object x and all the internals .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  proxy view to the users request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  allows   view
truth:  persist   a

test:  takes a list of contents of the users incrontab and writes it to a users incrontab .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  create a cloudpipe by id .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a test filename for a file .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  return   create
truth:  make   a

test:  uses the old id of corpus .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  runs   queues
truth:  return   return

test:  convert 2d patch to a 3d likelihood .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse the config file .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  parse   display
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a base64 encoded sha1 hash of the string .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  get   md5

test:  pull request from remote to past event in field_data .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  null   null
truth:  receive   messages

test:  this function does not run many times for a particular line .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   a

test:  set that the icondata size is present .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  this function performs the not normally it makes sure its not already been signed .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a classmethod for a class by filling out some arguments from a template by filling .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  generates   a

test:  checks if all identifier functions are active .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  start   start
truth:  trigger   a

test:  clip value that either an array or the value of a given array .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  sums   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  get the type name .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that logs how the current messages would exist .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  expand the given line .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  return   return

test:  my timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  view   view
truth:  display   users

test:  return ipv4 address string 3 3 .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  match a query with the specified backslash .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   find
truth:  match   match

test:  register a function and populates the result of a list .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns little information for a and jacobi .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  calculates   returns
truth:  null   symbol

test:  retrieve remote method object from method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  remote   remote

test:  the most likely to have a basic date using basic functionality .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of the subscriber function .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  loop   a
truth:  null   version

test:  parse a pair of key .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  null   a

test:  create a new heatmap .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  converts a timezone to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  minimize the { symbol of a function using the distinct power of the input arguments .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  given   a

test:  validate that the settings in django settings are correctly .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  project   project

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  downloads the db .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  download   download

test:  returns a string representing the version of the given version .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parses kinds and os_vif string .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  perform multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   multiple
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for python systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  creates a storage object from dictionary d .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the cut size of the graph g .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  give a jinja environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  return   x
truth:  get   get

test:  get configuration in the config file .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  cast to unicode dammit! .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  look up the value for a lookup table .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  return   try
truth:  to   try

test:  remove a given list of space characters .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  null   header
truth:  takes   null

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  extracts the description of a remote document as a string .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  download   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load an ec2 connection for the given url .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  null   request
truth:  return   return

test:  extract data from a timeseries of subrois objects parameters g : array-like img2 : file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  pulls   timeseries
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  counts the list of strings to invoke a list of strings .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the hypervolume of the requested hypervolume of the requested hypervolume .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string representing a number .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  set a user .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  restores   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return the version number for the aws location .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  make   try
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test conversion of filtfilt .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if claim-build collide is a non-regression altaz .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   returns
truth:  see   null

test:  return the signature as a string .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  construct   get
truth:  given   null

test:  generates a sorted list of square-free it for a given method .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  polygon   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert a unicode string to hex escape sequences .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  given a virtual machine and a filename .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  use   use

test:  set up and start the users security config .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  sets   setup
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   pick
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  create a log folder for tests tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   directory
truth:  create   a

test:  store a certificate to the given store name the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  takes an instance .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  null   decorate
truth:  add   add

test:  require the afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a single connection .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  invoke   detail
truth:  to   connect

test:  get symmetrix symmetrix point inside a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  plot ccpr results against a set of logbatchpersistor and a graph .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   post
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  add a single url to the enforce parameters .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  adds   function
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test url .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  loading   fetch
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure that an schemas schemas arent sane .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  null   null
truth:  import   import

test:  generate axes vector to gaussian1d travelled .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   model
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return processes information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  processes   processes

test:  helper method to find a migrate database in the same state .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  find   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a given status status is passing the status .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  if   return
truth:  given   null

test:  return the nth and sampled type for an address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  return   return

test:  should be called with caching to avoid stack .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  run   a
truth:  null   a

test:  project tasks to current user .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  assigned   a
truth:  list   list

test:  list all the directories under the master .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   return

test:  test that the model can be set to any model .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  elementwise natural logarithm of a list of strings .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  indices   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a better way to check the title of a given node .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  check   input
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes inside the criteria .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  get   return
truth:  query   query

test:  helper function to format the platform string in a chunk compatible format the string .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate an id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that a rectangular pipeline function outputs a fixed pipeline for a fixed pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for the pdf .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  split a list into two nested list of arguments .
truth: take a token . 
test:  split   null
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of ntp peers configured on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns list of bounds from low sizes .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  list   a
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  read bti transform from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   lists
truth:  read   64bit

test:  handles prereg information about prereg schema .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  null   view
truth:  landing   page

test:  indent a string by raw_input() characters of a block of text spaces .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  given   a

test:  parse ntlm and return values containing that follows .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  saves the list of results to a file .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  save   a
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   html
truth:  null   a

test:  execute a cmd based on a watch watch .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  list containers .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of paths per datastore .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the lower triangular truncate of n x parameters bins : float the absolute deviation of observations df_modelwc : float is equivalent of successes for both the deviation is equivalent
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses a hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert strings into a list of strings .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  represent   decode
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a task that returns the number of perticular can be creator within it .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  this method will updates cart with information about shoppingcart .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  open   request
truth:  create   create

test:  return the reverse domain name for the given address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  take   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a model extension extension should raise an invalidconfiguration extension .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the footer email .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  get   get
truth:  append   a

test:  encode a utf-8 name for a given module name or a name .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  name   get
truth:  lookup   a

test:  the signal-to-noise ratio of the lower and upper method .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  set   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the 3-regular platonic graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  determine if the given node is from the argument text .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  long line candle .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  null   line
truth:  null   star

test:  switch master computation .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  retrieve spider loader class by name .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  temporarily removes a config value to temporarily override the specified key .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   load
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  like _varintdecoder() but decodes and write it to the write function .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  roll   lists
truth:  encode   a

test:  returns the directory of all the metadata :term:detached as a role .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  if   view
truth:  check   check

test:  validates source string for valid characters .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  to   function

test:  the oids according to the values of the given new dictionary .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  map   directories
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns an ordereddict that maps all blocks and v to a dict of the current block .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a: a 4d theano tensor returns the elementwise product of a and 1 .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads a blob from google cloud storage bucket .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  ensure that a python source is a python source file .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  stores   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a pipe with given colons .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  reverse   return
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a benchmark method for listing a policy on a specific log file .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  perform   function
truth:  execute   a

test:  helper function that performs the batch entry in the caller .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  send   function
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for ipython .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  null   a
truth:  launch   launch

test:  extract any parameters from the path as a proppatch string .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  copies   helper
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the greatest common divisor of a rational coefficient .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  implements   implements

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  displays a string for the currently active halt .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  halt   a

test:  find a list of host objects or id .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  serve static image-based textbooks .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  display   display

test:  loads in memory from the master .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   openssl

test:  set the value of the element with the given value .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   words
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  collect   template
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  returns the comment comment that is currently being used by the current comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  get   comment
truth:  record   a

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  check   check
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure that the file exists and is valid .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a decorator for methods that are running under the first argument .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the hash of a file in the following file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  runs the command .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  run   view
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting a feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if name is a alive process .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  open   null
truth:  name   name

test:  replace local user and redirects it to new kernal directory .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  return   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  query the dashboard for the specified user and limit .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  suspend   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test old model arguments for all assumptions .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  test   test
truth:  try   try

test:  decorator that closes the specified mime mime *mimes .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  show   request
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a telnetlib .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  concatenate variables and operation .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of compute ips for the given api or none if it doesnt exist .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  submit submit summary of acceptable snapshots and push the most recent summary for use in the list of modules .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  update   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a string or a tuple of elements .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  parse   gl
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  capture   output
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  sets the profile image on a profile image and user .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  null   api

test:  split whitespace and whitespace in whitespace .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  value   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start and run the java server .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  install   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  start the console plan and the plan plan .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  print   delete
truth:  run   example

test:  test url when linking to local url is local .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  -   test
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the named host is absent name the name of the host to remove host the host of the host is absent name of the host to remove user
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  start a security security options .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation build .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  output   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given the spider object .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  is the named service cli example: .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  forces   null
truth:  open   open

test:  pull translated strings from source strings .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  source   null
truth:  source   source

test:  gets a number of country factory for a given region .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculate the checksum for a given value .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  returns   prefix
truth:  calculates   null

test:  a word-wrap function that preserves existing lines of a word by a single space character .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a time string into the form .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  raising out the remote token to send in an object .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  given   app
truth:  return   return

test:  find the index of a relative vectors .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing a table columns in fill_values should only replace columns or incomplete .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  verifies that the certificate flow redirect to .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  if   check

test:  parse an http accept-* header into a tuple with the three type and the options: .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parse   lists
truth:  parses   parses

test:  computes the balanced accuracy of n .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  computes   normalizes
truth:  default   default

test:  returns true if string is unicode .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  like   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  always return a list of all nt entries in nt .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  convert   pad
truth:  convert   nt

test:  returns a list of names of tempfile .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a new theano shared shared variable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that the --continue-on-collection-errors errors are set on collection errors occur when the --continue-on-collection-errors errors are not reached .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  tests   use
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return an :class: .
truth: given an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  adds utility methods to the context of this user have cart or enabled .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  check   view
truth:  if   checks

test:  build a folder for a node .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  settings   logging
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the first status is a mutating status .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   null

test:  converts a channel name to a corresponding rfc-1123 string .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the matrix in the given list of items .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  return   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  collects url-safe .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  clear all the arbitrary mapping file .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  compute nth moment moments .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that the desired datasets are returned in the circumstance .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check that we are inside an urls .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  is   null

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  null   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture to set a topic post .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the lg tv platform .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  convert a sequence of id to id .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  a :class:~datetime .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  call   a
truth:  return   num

test:  creates a new monitor option and a monitor option .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  include   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a test method that tests the given argument .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  generate   a

test:  benchmark several   sequences .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   throughput

test:  decorator that renders a function describing corpus .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  runs the security security command-line tool .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  mimic   schedule
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  model update ready ready to update tv inits .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  null   content
truth:  are   models

test:  defines and return a form for a given form .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return all path to all mean .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a bottle application by errors/mismatches .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   a

test:  get a resource_type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  make sure that globals accepts type .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  this decorator is called every argument in the validation .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  use   validate
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate eip .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  unquote   check
truth:  null   vpc

test:  tests that named operands is invalid .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  adds user permission to standard user .
truth: add user default . 
test:  adds   user
truth:  add   user

test:  returns the current kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get event log for logging .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  to   null
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  forget forget widgets .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to the database; see responses .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  return the children of the given vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   create
truth:  return   return

test:  get status counts in given header dict .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  like   like

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  like   encodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  it doesnt choke on type .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  calculate the ems for the correlation matrix .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  calculate   float
truth:  compute   compute

test:  loads price from the list of fips .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   data

test:  returns static files that is running in a template .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random sentence-like string .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the williams correction for the set of nodes .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  add a hosting service to be cad .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  register   a

test:  do not display the vectors .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  landing page for internalerror .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   a

test:  find the first element in the text and returns a list of xpath "harvest" .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  find   a
truth:  using   null

test:  clears any cached user info .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  return list of unique objects of a list of unique objects .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  do   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  convert the dictionary to a numpy row .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this function is well as a wrapper around qstandardpaths .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  run an execute command .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  to   str
truth:  code   code

test:  writes a stream to a file .
truth: like write . 
test:  create   null
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  builds the operations needed to each campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  open a given log file in current platform platform .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   open

test:  instantiates the module if necessary .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  paste   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point clone of a mount file .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  start a request for a request .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  null   null

test:  wait until the predicate has been established .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  converts uuid into its string representation .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup pid for the process .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  setup   config
truth:  create   a

test:  return a tree which is individual to use when the current leaf .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement m values .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lists wiki documents .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  null   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the file or directory of a group .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the xdg cache directory .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict mapping volumeservice volumeservice the current local node to get the selinux mode cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   information
truth:  report   report

test:  accepts a list of ngram and returns a new one containing the ngram attribute .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  emit   a
truth:  null   null

test:  the list of views that need to be sent to the client api and sets the request .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  documents   a
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a set .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  constructs a number formatted according to the rules in places .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  adapt   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  to suspend off a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  ensure that containers does not exist .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  remove   validate
truth:  stop   stop

test:  performs a single state on the system cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  change   null
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get a value from the registry .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   a

test:  combine games in games into games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  returns a list of ipv4 bits .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  use   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check to see if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   check

test:  return whether the callable is a valid function .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function for removing a template file and returns its template .
truth: render config template . 
test:  -   template
truth:  config   config

test:  find the backend for the backend and returns the backend class .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  get   load
truth:  load   a

test:  suggest decomposes of sequences for use in docstring .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  null   new
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the current linux distribution for the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the template limit for the given template .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  test a decimal formatted with a formatted decimal address .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the folders that match the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  build an option value from wire format and saves it to a class .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  build   build

test:  serve a thumbnail .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  protected   null

test:  fill the name of a file .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  click   add
truth:  function   function

test:  verify that you can still import and run all template directories .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a style queue to a queue entry .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   entry

test:  return the actual article .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  basestring   a
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the cached data for all checks .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  output   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return python version of x .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  selects   return
truth:  if   null

test:  check if segment matches the cross-entropy cross-entropy .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  strip   returns
truth:  is   segment

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  train model .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  draw   debug
truth:  do   one

test:  split a text into its component parts .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   mime

test:  get the actual options for known apps .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   snapshots
truth:  return   backups

test:  transform the correlation matrix to the standard error of the standard deviation .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  compute   linear
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   time
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  sets the given version of all namespaces available .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  check   versions
truth:  set   a

test:  reset the current validation for an interactive app .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  executes   null

test:  define a listing that downloads the specified blockdevicedeployer on a threadpool and return it .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  slope relu implementation .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  match   sets
truth:  rectified   null

test:  given an image description .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  update a host password .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  copy the config or a folder and create create their associated configuration .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   files
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the currently active reporter .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format money amount according to the specified locale settings .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   urls
truth:  format   a

test:  this method is to generate the cli cli portion to launch the cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   method

test:  down-sample n-dimensional image .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  calculate   images
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the cached requirements for the given requirements .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  add the paths to the list of paths .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   add
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extract a key from an path .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  transform   helper
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the network attach config spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  execute   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  denests denests .
truth: print returns . 
test:  gets   print
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format the directories and not make sure that any files are not installed .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  format   null
truth:  if   test

test:  copy_query_dict - displays all the data in a json dict .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return url or an absolute url relative to path .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   return

test:  updates the episodes with the specified viewpoint .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   http
truth:  updates   updates

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   multiple
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load a list of certificates in a given certificate .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   packets
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yield configured modules configured by the trees .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  does   null

test:  explicitly puts a date in a piece of dicts .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  if   a
truth:  default   default

test:  check for notifications handler .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  null   null
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  compute mutual mutual score between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  dump a given projected number of pdf coffee .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   version

test:  sphere field or polynomial pot .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  generate   calculate
truth:  do   null

test:  zero or android the original directory for a given directory .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  disassociate eip .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  associate   arguments
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  configures an answer callback for the request lifecycle .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  avoid   a
truth:  use   use

test:  efficiently multiply the first kind of f modulo f .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  expected value of the determinant of a wishart-distributed matrix .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  counts   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: promoted-build set files for promotion requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:release plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gets a dict of interfaces interfaces of connected interfaces .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  gets   null

test:  this function is not used to mark a function or a generic formatter function .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tag .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run the determine determine if two token are equal .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  if   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  gethostbyname -> host name .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a dict of datacenters for the given datacenter .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a workflow request .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   decorator
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  return a string representing the given scheme .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for the test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  elementwise sign of theano .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  sign   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check __init__ .
truth: gui test . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of location that are currently configured for this job .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   names
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a floatingip floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  add   text
truth:  updates   a

test:  translates lengths to events .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  sets   event
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deletes a floatingip floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the information for an instance .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  get   information
truth:  return   details

test:  check if we are available on the minion .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  transforms a python data structure into a gnu python object .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  keeps   signals
truth:  construct   a

test:  create an array from a group array .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of multiple files that are not nsga-ii by conflicting .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a unique version of a path that does not exist .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  put put indices into performs sample metadata vector this function is equally than fields_to_dict samples from each sample vector is a list of samples samples part of the sim part
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  fetches   otu
truth:  make   n

test:  create a list of targets that the target target in this list of targets .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  list   return
truth:  generates   a

test:  add a new user cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  returns string representation of string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  converts   unicode
truth:  make   null

test:  quote a string for use in a url .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create an user on the database .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  cache security group ingress group to a security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  cache   network
truth:  authorize   network

test:  give a graph of tool tooltip according to graph tip and helper tool .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  format   search
truth:  null   helper

test:  sort a list of keyword objects by name .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  null   lx

test:  wrapper around babels .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   timezone

test:  computes the distance travelled travelled travelled .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  evaluate   indices
truth:  null   null

test:  in sure that the migration field supports initialized with a migration in the migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  make markdown extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  make   markdown
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: gatling execute a build for the job plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:robot framework plugin <robot+framework+plugin> .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as packed packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this is the main entry point for the request .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  adds   ip
truth:  ip   ip

test:  reads object from the pickleable text .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  look   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a secure dump directory that is unique .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  dumps   object
truth:  null   serialization

test:  check if the descriptor is required for the course .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  if   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  formats   msg_str
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  skip whitespace at least min_df .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to set the test method for the given test suite .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  function   url
truth:  execute   a

test:  return the best available instance name .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  get   a
truth:  compares   null

test:  if not explicitly it cant contain a new .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  set   port
truth:  null   contributors

test:  generate an array with evenly-spaced values on a given interval .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  start   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  index page: displays all index page .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  list the installable versions of the virtual environment .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  list   display
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  func   null
truth:  does   null

test:  clean up the container rootfs peers and returns the container rootfs rootfs mounting the container rootfs none .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  clean   up

test:  view that redirects to static user .
truth: log out . 
test:  force   logs
truth:  log   log

test:  list media instance in media list at a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  index   index

test:  reformat an array .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  array   array

test:  returns whether this request has a permissions .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  null   check
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that given virtual database is absent name the name of the database to remove name of the database to remove name of the database to remove name the boot
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  the flat page .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  checks if the current command exists on the system .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   checks

test:  close the http client and options for a client .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  close   a
truth:  saves   null

test:  displays a useful help help help action is output and how it was generated .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   information

test:  methods that processes possible to real formats the metadata for the resource .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  source   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that a set of issues can be loaded .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  coerce object to a python object .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  to   obj
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the rackspace for the specified rackspace driver .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of known distributions for this region .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  used   a
truth:  function   function

test:  insert elements into one with nested elements .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  join   a
truth:  value   value

test:  parseauthorization nodes by removing its subdirectories .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  handles   data
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return information about the package name for a given package or none if no package specified .
truth: return package info . 
test:  module   return
truth:  package   package

test:  take a list of unique variables and give it with unique variables .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  null   configuration
truth:  gives   null

test:  private method returns a list of private key .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  set   up

test:  setsubtensor -> sparseblockouter .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  null   work
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  displays whether sleep button is on power button .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  run a scheduled package .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  function   uninstall
truth:  handle   osx

test:  create a base configuration object based on the configuration file .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  execute a python command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  ip   ip
truth:  ip   ip

test:  generate a url at which a request token is an eq token and use for request token .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  url   a
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  verify that the given class is valid .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator that skips the wrapped function is supported by the passed in .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  run pending lookups on all the app .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  receives   view
truth:  handle   handle

test:  retrieve a context from a response .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   in

test:  get the version of the server .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   version

test:  find the current window .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sort and return keys of keys .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  format a timestamp for display .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  format   timestamp
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  call a function with an argument .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  used   calls
truth:  if   thing

test:  marks up values as a dictionary with elements of information about a given type .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  return a list of all keywords contained in the given package .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  order   null
truth:  place   place

test:  check for nova docstring .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke an ec2 cache security group from a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   a
truth:  revoke   network

test:  error the server and log the errors .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  error   error
truth:  null   something

test:  check if the current request has permission to access a request .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  if   null

test:  calculates rank for ros group .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  represent   color
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure that the cookiecutter with not built .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  ensures   reading
truth:  call   call

test:  returns current line number within a string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  given   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a computenode from the values dictionary .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   accepts
truth:  create   create

test:  return the vdi configuration of the users config item .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   uninstall
truth:  get   equation

test:  checks if disk is valid .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  test stacked line line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  stack   test
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  format a processing as a string .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  null   lhs

test:  test that passing a sorted delimiter by a superclasses delimiter .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   failure

test:  gets a special packed .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   row

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  the null node is appropriate for the node .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  produce   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the description for a phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts from a string with files .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  take   add
truth:  convert   a

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  execute a new sql statement .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  generates a sparse matrix from a sequence .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  parse and return the result of a url .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   url
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  monitor the criteria .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   monitor
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  coerce coerce to a time representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  convenience method .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get namespace attributes from the namespace .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  get   a
truth:  string   string

test:  evaluate the drag distance between two events .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a rc configuration .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  list network interfaces associated with a virtual connections .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  represent an address as packed packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  sets an instance of :class:sessionstore from the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test the results of spawn spawn .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns summary of the original inputsif .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  create a figure to open the given animations .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get cythonize .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  see   null
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get packed path from prefix .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  given   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a hash of the given token .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  returns   server
truth:  hash   a

test:  create a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  loads the data from the ethernet .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a testsuite loaded with all modules .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  null   create
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  returns the version of the current linux distribution .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  remove an instance by getting it only .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  swap   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns the votes for a non-repeated type .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   core

test:  this function is shannons .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  null   minimum
truth:  null   information

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  null   provisions
truth:  null   provisions

test:  return salt token in tool .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  token   null
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a file from its filename and returns a tuple containing the parsed "<if>@<endpoint>" upload .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   wrapper
truth:  parse   parse

test:  look up the backup metadata for a backup and stuart .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the request level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return weeks as days .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to if any and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches the feedbackanalytics for the given thread and fetches it .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  retrieve true if any top-level excluded excluded excluded from the one of the other settings .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  test must not cause a history that overrides the history archive .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  finding   finding

test:  rename a lineage lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  rename   change
truth:  rename   rename

test:  test inode of inappropriate .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  bind   bind

test:  transform from nmap_limits to protocol .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  index   multiple
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns true if a class has known bases .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize a stream or byte string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  count   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  prints summary failure report .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  print   create
truth:  print   print

test:  create a json json json role for the given role .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if a vlan exists return if the vlan exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  edit the existing config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  get the current legacy changes cli example: .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if this is only supported in the modules in the actual python 3 .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  create a new repository in a given snapshot .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  create   create
truth:  build   build

test:  return the term of the first differing character in the executable .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  counts   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a status code is present on the server .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  if   callback
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the module behavior .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  file   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  run a test by name .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  provides   decorator
truth:  read   read

test:  return whether uuid may be regarded or not .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   validation

test:  convert any string into a string .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dictionary of the value keys in the master .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  explode   null

test:  wrapper to programmatically a managed desired desired desired desired desired servers .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  parse a string referring to a form for .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new swob chart .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get all variables in all clusters .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  change frequency of daily updater thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   frequency

test:  test that columns can be whole .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  loads a crop corner into alternate parts .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  get changes between models for field .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the hardware .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  parse   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  uninstall a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  tests whether the function is marked as a function and not requiring the update .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  testing   test
truth:  if   self

test:  send an email to a file .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  code   max
truth:  time   time

test:  create a new tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in the dev_appserver .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  confirmation an email .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  send   email
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the file name of the file .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  display a matplotlib figure .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  close   show
truth:  show   show

test:  returns true if a number is alpha by a number .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the pid of the process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  null   get
truth:  is   null

test:  creates iterator for directed graph from a given graph .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  utility for creating style style .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  correct   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string of n random bytes .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generates   text
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  test   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  this just verifies that pydotprint this completion does not crash .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  if   test
truth:  is   null

test:  extract xml tags from job .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  pulls   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempts to load all files in a users way .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  fixture   csv
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a date in the format to a datetime object .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   date

test:  return list of ip addresses to a thread .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a name and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return bounding box of a number of arguments .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the path of the expand that is .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  expand   get
truth:  return   return

test:  step 4 pairs to see if the suffix has any file replaces replaces .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  run psea .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  cleans an image from the given node or container .
truth: like node . 
test:  clean   node
truth:  like   node

test:  add the filters to the template page .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  registered   field
truth:  configures   configures

test:  execute commands using the :mod:salt .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  main method for use in modify :class:target service .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  null   clone
truth:  return   a

test:  normalizes either an attribute or base .
truth: like zip . 
test:  make   a
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  transform   transform

test:  returns the absolute path to a resource on a producer/consumer path .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert the size in bytes into a human readable size .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  returns   partition
truth:  return   partition

test:  start a list of files in the given list of files .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  clear   one
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears the layers on the tracker .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns true if there are unicode and has unicode fields .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure the performs performs a fake song .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  null   test
truth:  return   return

test:  get a html string for use as a unicode object .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  return   array
truth:  object   object

test:  fires a new document with a new name .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  null   up

test:  search for a given string using a regular expression .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  return   search
truth:  function   function

test:  given a regular expression string .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  filter   a

test:  loads the autoencoder data as a tuple of word_size//8 .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  load   float
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  run a single tree of any module and execute it in the import .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  loads   returns
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test efficient surface of multiple points .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging for the program .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  configure   logger
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  null   formats
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  return timestamp for start of next time in a date .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  remove the overridden module .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return a list of images representing the top level .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  get   query
truth:  returns   a

test:  import key .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  finds elements of only one or the other elements .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   indices
truth:  finds   elements

test:  check if success is not success .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  update weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  update   adjust
truth:  keep   null

test:  open root nodes as xhtml by the dialog .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  null   names
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the request headers as an http request .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  get   header
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  read and opens a file .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  reads   a

test:  get the path to the directory of a cscript module .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  find   get
truth:  return   return

test:  provides rbac on solaris like platforms .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  works   work
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: zeromq zeromq event text .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   event
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a value into human readable format .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the observed that the distance cdf is that the distance between the expected distribution .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  setup the dte sensor .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the certain certain time root of a mercurial mercurial .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  null   strip
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  generates a list of gaussian elements .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  add functions to the list of volume .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a path to a python file in the directory .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an a6 record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  clones a security group .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   clones
truth:  clones   clones

test:  this is stopped or down the service is stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  require   a

test:  decorator to ensure that the user is a collection handler .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait for a connection to download and return the resulting socket .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  abort   returns
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  transforms a python module in sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  get   prints
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates methods that have the mysql environment variable for use in the default .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you can construct a dynamic code that a substring that is not set .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a dict with keys of the element .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable with a raised distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  decode a bson tag .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  null   url
truth:  convert   a

test:  runs the services app and return a string .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  check   check

test:  check we can put at least properly .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  source   source
truth:  returns   target

test:  test passed via the html file .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that the current page is marked as configuration .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  fake   test
truth:  test   test

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors for x .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  collect a single tree of a new-style tree .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  check   reference

test:  remove an extension code from the given code .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  returns   register
truth:  unregister   null

test:  parse a string representation of a database .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  interpret   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  saves the editor to the given key in the caller .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  save   merge
truth:  called   null

test:  execute the fully qualified id and read the data from the vm .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  to   request
truth:  read   pillar

test:  check the vpn status .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   current

test:  generate a line of the original line .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the version for the sdk .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of the given request .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  default   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   mark
truth:  mark   mark

test:  cache a file from a file or a cache cli example: .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get 5simplification path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  extract the loops .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  loop   android
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an gs .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  test   listing
truth:  listing   listing

test:  adds a handler for the given logger .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  run a python file as a checker .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  list details about a table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  return   details
truth:  describe   a

test:  load this module if prlctl is available .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  release a list of audio devices .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   null
truth:  frees   null

test:  creates a foreign key for the specified key .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the acls of the user has exclusively .
truth: check acls . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return subgraph communicability for each node in g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decrypt a aes ciphertext .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypt   config
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check that the supplied mkfs matches the supplied disk .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  find   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parses a property property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  reports a resource object .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  executes   map
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  constructs a code object from a code object .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  indent   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  print a pytestconf error message .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether we can generate a file to use .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  patch the docstring with a docstring .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  replace   pool
truth:  patch   patch

test:  gets facebook of the old accounts of the user .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  model   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  set quota usage in tenant for a resource and resource .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  set   resource

test:  return true if virtualenv is installed .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return true if the list is zero .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  memset --> /path .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  call   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  returns a value that will be used for a given dataset .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  build   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return the polygon for a polygon .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  wrapper around web .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   decorator

test:  yield pieces of data from a file .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  yield   null

test:  generate a random word .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   reload

test:  convert an n-dimensional array to a given shape .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  validate   iterator
truth:  return   shape

test:  displays complete information about each order of the system .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  to   null

test:  performs a job operation on a specific shed .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  skip   display
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parses a soap tree into its component parts .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   text
truth:  parses   a

test:  make sure the first program is running inside not running .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  add blueprints and installed_apps to the python applications .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  null   up
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  remove duplicate values from duplicates .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  propagates   null
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  counts the elements of an iterator .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  counts   counts
truth:  count   count

test:  get the harris points that differ between the image .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  build   get
truth:  return   corners

test:  return true if the request is an ratelimited ratelimited request .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  flatten flattened metadata .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load version from v0 .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  module   a
truth:  module   module

test:  return event to pg server .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  home page .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  password   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate random file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  prints a list of items into a dictionary .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  link to a user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  null   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  set up the beaglebone black black component .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  start   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: grails configure grails requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log plugin responses and job *path* *path* *path* will build step paths of your build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:m2 .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  null   mark
truth:  null   null

test:  destroys a running system .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  unsets   a
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  safely open a safe file .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  call   a
truth:  open   a

test:  check if the python version of the python interpreter is supported .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   checks

test:  constructs and stores the collection summary of a derived hostname .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  update   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  test on directory lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the verisure platform .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  this view is used by the payment .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  loads a module from a file .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  return the current active window .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a iterators for the given view .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  renders   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  gives grains value for all episodes .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  uses   search
truth:  log   history

test:  converts a hex string to rgb .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  change   a

test:  create a new compiler to verify a compiler module is installed in the compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  enter   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  regression test for an issue where there is a trailing type that we can need to override the string without doing the new-style on a trailing case .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  string   null
truth:  exception   exception

test:  checks whether the type of picks are properly .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  waits for the element to become a template with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  find   node
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the path to the directory tree .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  null   method

test:  create an tag or raise if tags or tag doesnt exist .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   list
truth:  create   a

test:  iterate over genbank formatted entries as record objects .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   linux
truth:  breaks   up

test:  return the luhn card of a number of digits .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  if   a
truth:  test   test

test:  select two strings .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  select   object
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  wraps a method that may normally be filled into a filter:: .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  like   a
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the given html with all text stripped .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  null   something

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated message is errors .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  add a document to the filename of a document .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  convert   query
truth:  return   return

test:  create a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  contour is list of image labels .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  null   show
truth:  show   image

test:  display the schema version of a schema .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  scaling   pull
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a python name .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   number
truth:  encode   encode

test:  issue #2047 .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  see   null

test:  starting a gcode text from the local node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  text   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  handle the import of the current request .
truth: internal function . 
test:  lock   stop
truth:  function   function

test:  create a dictionary of messages from a rule .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a source from the given source .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   add
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  perform a mesh on the mesh .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  null   block
truth:  correct   correct

test:  return a notebook object .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  output   storage
truth:  configure   configure

test:  verify the python module is supported by the given module .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  marks the comment admin comment admin sdk this is well as being tested upon the comment .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  performs django using django templating .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  renders   render
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  sets the logging verbosity for the current thread .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   file
truth:  sets   sets

test:  decorator function .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  return   test
truth:  compute   compute

test:  set the users regions of the given hostname and tenant it .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  use   null
truth:  set   set

test:  delete a vpc peering connection from a security id or an rds peering .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  look   function
truth:  delete   a

test:  validates configurations for conversion compatible with valid rate .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  null   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  get   get
truth:  needs   null

test:  returns a list of occurrences of occurrences of occurrences of occurrences of resource .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  return   a

test:  return the repository reference from the repository reference .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  replace   log
truth:  git   git

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  restart   block
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list permissions for all keyspaces or a revision cli example: .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  grant   keyspaces
truth:  list   permissions

test:  checks if path is hidden in folder .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a caffe range string into a usagekey header .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the array of array elements of each array .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  computes   no
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a volume .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  check   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  simplification of rational polynomials .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  null   null
truth:  identify   values

test:  new widget widget add .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  starts   add
truth:  add   a

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller - not normally exposed to users via a menu .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   categories

test:  converts a string into an different python safe only .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  assumes   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  setup sample arguments .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  command   null
truth:  setup   argument

test:  returns true if this is a portion of a string .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  return   check
truth:  fake   fake

test:  remove the locks from the path .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  delete   x
truth:  remove   remove

test:  computes the spectral entropy of a gaussian frame .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  username   metric
truth:  signal   signal

test:  gets a code which translates to appropriate error code .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  if   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: exclusion specifies the job with resources .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   reading
truth:  null   null

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator that checks if a user_id is registered .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  is a valid path .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a hex color to a color .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  hex   hex
truth:  take   a

test:  get the current partition name .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send notification event to a pushover channel .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   build
truth:  email   email

test:  join the given word with the given argument and the arguments .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  join   encode
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the repository from a repo or a deprecated repository .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  calls   x
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively process json .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  byte   byte

test:  returns the intersection graph with redirection rows of length attribute .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of documents and products for topics and products .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of batch normalization in the given list of bricks and training .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  create items from the xml tree .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  msg   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  train a dataset .
truth: train model . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   model

test:  create a connection pool that bernoulli this fails to work via a service .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  setting   a
truth:  read   a

test:  fire raw .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  send   columns
truth:  fire   fire

test:  return an array of object where args are equal to len .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  represents   return
truth:  constructs   a

test:  deletes profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  returns api relationship list .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   api

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  list the argument .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  joins   a

test:  factory for native csv .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  code   code

test:  return the latest version of the named package .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  return   information
truth:  null   null

test:  test that the primary keys are properly supports primary keys .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  warnings   test
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to test the parameters .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return a list of sql statements required to put it in the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  performs a request to fork a task that is thrown when a task is thrown .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a userrpc to get the number of instances on the module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  a page data in the context .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   a

test:  build up a test instance of the given flow and client client .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  used   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  check that the value is a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the new dashboard dashboard .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  add   filters
truth:  specified   null

test:  get chain .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verify that the given stdin fails with a lock .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  use   test
truth:  calls   calls

test:  validates that the value of the desired flags are present .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  send a signal to the proxy device and send the server .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  elementwise linear-interpolation function .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  performs   return
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string to a unicode object .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  unicode   string
truth:  convert   strings

test:  unpack the most common use of a usable .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  null   google
truth:  null   google

test:  returns the text output as a tree .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  makes   check
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  signal   signal

test:  search for list of packages to search for installed packages .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  search   a
truth:  gather   details

test:  constructs a decorators for a os/2 .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  text   helper
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return true if a is b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  note   in

test:  convenience function for creating a chart .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  adapt   data

test:  if any bound .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  null   contributors

test:  test that duplicate messages arent loaded .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  null   cases
truth:  test   test

test:  test interactive .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  require   null

test:  process telnet version using telnet .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  show   fix
truth:  show   show

test:  merge a list of command objects .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  match   match

test:  do typical cookie .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  -   -

test:  check that the import import report .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure that the enclosing and size are valid .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  delete   work
truth:  if   check

test:  get a pure backend for a test .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  create   null
truth:  log   log

test:  return the current page .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  alternate write & write one unit .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   one
truth:  write   one

test:  return a list of unique nn .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  parsing   null
truth:  null   null

test:  send a simple notification to a less messages .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  verify that rbenv is installed and install rbenv on the system .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare alpha tuples for multiple lists .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  is   comparison
truth:  ordered   null

test:  fetches a url .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  download   download

test:  show all the rows for the given kb table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   routine
truth:  show   show

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  empty   returns
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   builder

test:  performs binary search on a correlation matrix .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  computes   purposes
truth:  null   permutations

test:  gets the data from the document and formats it as a dict that we can get the revision number of output to send .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculate the set of known statistics for an operation .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  produce   a

test:  return the calculators functions .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  null   encodes
truth:  returns   a

test:  clean out nonsemantic and delete any tables from the current environment .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  cleans   alterations
truth:  called   in

test:  create a class object for an object .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a droplet in a droplet .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  return user_ids public activity stream as a list of user_ids .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  run   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a document to a chunk of text .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  output   helper
truth:  takes   a

test:  create a new adderror method with errors .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  register a process as a daemon for the given process .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   a

test:  returns event transaction id .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  used by channel .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  retrieves the last url for the given section .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   return

test:  copy a given interval to a string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   calls
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for labels and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns the first smoothness of n .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply function to values over dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a "similiarity .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   link
truth:  parse   a

test:  check if the required dependencies are installed .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: scoverage perform scoverage .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   password
truth:  null   null

test:  collects a url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  url   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of the arguments with the given arguments .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  list   list
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  retrieve quota usage until it has been associated .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  be   quota
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  extracts the variables that match the stack from variable_list .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  expands   return
truth:  list   list

test:  start recording mode and start the current request .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   recording

test:  update database posts for all blog posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  null   set
truth:  update   update

test:  creates a user .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate pseudorandom key for the given source code .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  null   quotes
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the maximum distance between any non-singleton non-singleton values .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  sort the given row .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  return   row
truth:  translate   column

test:  given an image object .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a static web wsgi filter for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return the versions of this package .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  set the file id on the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  set   virtual
truth:  sets   sets

test:  closes a message .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  send   a
truth:  null   a

test:  iterate the statement statements in the statement that can be run of the given policy .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  call   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that dist is a message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets a list of modules with one of the specified output .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  call   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  get symbol -- detailed child of json .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  copies a numpy where we can be a installation of arrays .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copies   values

test:  wrapper to return an stream_framework connector object .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  delete the named temporary directory .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  preprocesses a file or a file .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  xml   function
truth:  process   process

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create the default signal map for this test .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  create   name
truth:  make   null

test:  run an ssh command as a child process .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   a
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the order of the order of the array mod mod .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  order   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a path .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  containing   replace
truth:  convert   a

test:  update an db or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  convert a human-readable string to an integer .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  like   a
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a list of the named python interpreter .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  counts the number of permutations in the array a to end of the strings .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  returns   counts
truth:  null   null

test:  same as controlb .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  execute a command and read it against the given student .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  lists   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the error message from the active app .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  use   string
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  test handling of default values .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that a string contains no whitespaces except the given value .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  setup the verisure platform .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  force the given path and return the --prefix .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  extracts the html fragment from the refresh by either templates or a tuple that can be passed to the oauth request .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  parses   unpack
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure the named user is absent .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  make   null

test:  make a plot .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  load   load

test:  get the class name for a method .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to import and retrieve migration from a given module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  read   load
truth:  import   a

test:  determine if two model_fn segments are equivalent .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  returns   difference
truth:  return   return

test:  list all the manifest modules .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  returns   database
truth:  list   resources

test:  validate the oneof validator .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  null   path
truth:  has   null

test:  publish an event from a serialized level .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  to   groups
truth:  publish   null

test:  creates a new otp .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  connect   a
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  take   lists
truth:  detects   logos

test:  dummy variable for use within a theano variable parameters x : theano variable returns theano variable holding a dummy variable see if true .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   accepts
truth:  function   function

test:  private function performs the following: regression .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  loop   a
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if namespace or property not found .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the number of nodes used on the current machine .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  supported   return

test:  converts a string to a list of bytes .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set the valid credentials in the credentials are valid .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  start the given worker .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  callback   stop
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves dpi settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get a x509 link .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy a temporary file and create its final file .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  copy   copy

test:  given a url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  url   a
truth:  download   download

test:  parse tal tal data .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   server
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper method to generate a random network from an account .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  take   a
truth:  null   custom

test:  module homepage .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   home

test:  generate a sequences matrix .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  pass in a list of strings to discover them .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  given   a

test:  clear the cached conf .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  takes a dictionary with keys converted to strings .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the directory is configured in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a dictionary of combination of readme tuples of the readme for the readme shed .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return info about the specified network name cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   current
truth:  display   a

test:  get the arguments for a cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  null   dataframe
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  list   fetch
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  split a path string into a column extension .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns images .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  find   images
truth:  base   base

test:  read a socket from the given argument .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  read   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  get all tags or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an enabled id with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  receive a wsgi request on matplotlib threads .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  look   messages
truth:  get   get

test:  generates a new base32 .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  create a user .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  widen the preface gcode text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  copy this file to media media .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copy   file
truth:  copies   a

test:  return an position that is compatible with a downloadable location .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  decorator for either everything or command .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  like   a
truth:  execute   fun

test:  send notification event notification .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  send   send
truth:  show   system

test:  link to the bokeh apps in the document .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  null   link
truth:  to   link

test:  a with-context that creates a temporary directory and returns its path .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  suppresses suppresses .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  unset   changes
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add resource from resource in manifest .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  parses a yaml file from the yaml string .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign a single service .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   unpack
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a testsuite that exists in the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  adds a date and a month to the month .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  download a list of files from a name .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  list   null
truth:  download   packages

test:  return configuration configuration object for the current thread .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   configuration

test:  list contents of the virtual network in cli example: .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a browser widget .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  password   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sets the scope to have the scope for the current thread .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login in csrf .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  rotate   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return the author name of the user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  restful crud controller - could be allowed to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - limited to just search_ac .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  link to the languages in current language code .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  content   a
truth:  null   null

test:  calculates a loss step that can be stored in a model .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  take a function and a function and run it in parallel .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  slice   a
truth:  null   element

test:  renders a form that returns its html output .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the psychopy version .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  use   null
truth:  manage   paths

test:  retrieves an entity by entity it as the given reference .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   entity

test:  remove a date from the internet internet .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets all the plugin descriptors to copy for all plugins .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a script that can be used as a list of choices .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  prints mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  download   python
truth:  create   create

test:  generate a batch iterator of seq[i] .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  batch   a
truth:  splits   x

test:  gets the largest timedelta from the unit .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that the given cursor is supported .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  runs   helper
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create an empty audio new equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create and initialize a new instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a model class to a list of list of search for the given model .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  yield the test modules .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  yield   set
truth:  null   null

test:  maps an code to a string .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  aborts   one
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  sets up and store diagonal of the os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple with get information .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  project notifications and make existing dashboard .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  project   notifications

test:  load a module given its path to a python module .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  converts a datetime object to local time zone .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the permutation of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  deprecated use for creating a decorator for processing .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert the string name of a function to the beginning of a function .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  match   match

test:  read the file stats from directory .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  read   read

test:  test evoked of evoked data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find a python traceback in the console code and return it .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   find
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: critical publish critical block in the console .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   null

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a regular file from a given filename and write it to the given directory .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  decorator to check if interrupt is not interrupt .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  null   exit
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the leading coeffcient of f in f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  host note: this function accepts a host .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  host   new
truth:  create   new

test:  load given index path from directory .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  given   way
truth:  given   import

test:  verify that a formatting method is set on a specific object .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  calling   null
truth:  verify   user

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  null   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  adds an empty path to the parent directory .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get a standard pydot name from a pydot graph .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  selected   converts
truth:  create   a

test:  event handler .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  called   python
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  s   s
truth:  if   null

test:  update a category definition .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  gets   address
truth:  null   virtual

test:  loads a modules setting from its modules .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  extracts tasks and its tasks from the list of tasks .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  setuptools   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get the access token from the rac file .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  gets   parses
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string starting at position start in data .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to convert a periodogram to a flat distribution by replacing all occurrences of a .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  verify column was always work on python 2 .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  perform   column
truth:  fixes   column

test:  check that the _ function we need to translate the _ function for defines the _ functions .
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  unquote a raw filename .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  doing   rgb
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  multiplies the tensor along a given axis .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  generate a random discrete random discrete indices within stochastic .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors and q p .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  cache   factors
truth:  factors   factors

test:  restart the network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  calls   build
truth:  do   null

test:  return whether or not we are cron .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set the screen for the current buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get simple options to create the command line options :returns: the options manager .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  add x intersection indexes indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return the agent enabled for the service .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the list of zookeeper [] .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true on the computer .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   service
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  test if we can get media .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  builds and returns the localename encoding for the given language .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  encode encode a sql query string into a ast .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   help
truth:  use   in

test:  returns a list of parent of parent paths to create a parent of parent .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  label   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check a cpaste code code to see if a users code is sane .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  preprocess   null
truth:  code   code

test:  invalidates the data to a file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  to   null

test:  test that passing masked columns in fill_values should only replace masked columns or negative values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the given url has a valid url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  context manager that mocks os by removing it from os .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  patch   contextmanager
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if the given object is a pointer object .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return the comment format that was filled with the given vim format .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the given loader is swapping .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   null

test:  update the specified models .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  importing   returns
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  initialize rnn .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  run a node .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  makes   runs
truth:  to   function

test:  get the file name for the file .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a doctest .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  convert complex vector to a numpy array .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   matrix
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  takes a list of heap and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  translates a line into a pipe of the array .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main function to prepare a mock response .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  get   a
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for series and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  prints host information about json .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  get condition for condition .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  value   value

test:  compute the torf matrix .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the user username .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  to   try
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  this just checks the url against the vary header and returns a dictionary with the ie value of the response name passed as the format .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  this function returns all available outliers classes .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates repo from remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   repo
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  how many video outputs does this media player have? .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  start a library .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  start   verifies
truth:  null   helper

test:  print twitter rate rate rate rate status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  limit   current
truth:  print   current

test:  returns true if the html given tree contains equal to the expected tree .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  does   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a secret key for a secret .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the grid from a filename .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function will return a set of all the cost cost that need to be used .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  set   indices
truth:  return   a

test:  return the current error object for cuda .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   none

test:  fetches a xsrf token that can recreate the xsrf token .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  used   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a configured reference with a given name from a tests/ object .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  make the api required to another triggers in the twitter server .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  rename   rename

test:  import a module by name .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  return an absolute filename .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  return the current encoding used by the locale for the specified encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   sqlobjects
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test error handling with bzero/bscale cases .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   calibration

test:  load all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  a regex that returns re .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  like   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  to   hook
truth:  to   things

test:  return the version of the current revision .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   loss
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  converts the given usage to a usagekey specification for cib-file .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  regression test for issue 3358 where the first word starts with the delimiter columns .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  authentication -> list get authentication config .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  authenticate   password
truth:  try   try

test:  indicates that the user has any duplicate access to the test .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pairs   decorator
truth:  if   null

test:  update opkg package definitions .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   pacman

test:  get users currently logged-in user .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   return

test:  and return a domain representing d1 and a translations .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of module names from a filename .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the negative along the linear along an image .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  value   compute
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  initialize the first one of the mappers that is the first element of the first element .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  null   mapper

test:  returns dataset from json stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  returns true if the list is a minute of time .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  null   method

test:  format a datetime object for iso8601 .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  check if we can init this python module .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  to   check
truth:  function   function

test:  squares fit .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  computes   loss
truth:  training   training

test:  gets the absolute path to the server .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that the user is currently active .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  check   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  dashboard rebulk .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  objects   a
truth:  null   a

test:  performs a stylesheet lookup .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  tag   null
truth:  tag   tag

test:  computes the knapsack matrix .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  helper function to register matplotlib units .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  registers   loss
truth:  register   register

test:  update translations from a site .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  translated   sessions
truth:  translated   update

test:  maps numpy type to stata types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  mimic   data
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  parse a identifier identifier .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  parses   lists
truth:  passes   null

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns list of files that match the given path .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   download
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function for annotation annotation annotation .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink lights .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return encoding or none if it doesnt exist .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  return   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  deletes a local cache .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds a message to a feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  return list of local peers from consul .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  to   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a set of sequences of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert an image to a numpy image .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   generate
truth:  convert   convert

test:  builds the serial port spec for the lsi .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  config   config

test:  fetches a list of emails to their group pages using the [message scores .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  allow a user to have attachment permissions for the staff attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  loads the labels into two numpy arrays .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  load   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  lists all repos from the repo .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  builds a list of all tests as a list of modules that contain broken tests .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  loads   find
truth:  load   load

test:  create the default type of a type .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  converts   filter
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  add   function
truth:  to   helper

test:  validates event against an event .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   file
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test if a user exists or not .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  to   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  decode a tcl .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  docstring   like
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  returns the path to the operating system .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  replace   unpack
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  attach a content-disposition content-disposition content-disposition object to the given address .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  broadcast   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the known settings for a given mime-type .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  returns   debug
truth:  get   get

test:  update the local repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  remove a percent from the posix-compliant .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  send   contact
truth:  send   a

test:  get the latest snapshot e .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pick   pick

test:  add the scatter and increases to the list .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  apply   messages
truth:  slices   a

test:  return list of language codes for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get flipped paths .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate specific specs for specified qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  return a list of input data .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  return   download
truth:  establish   a

test:  return the value for a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  check to see if the minion is installed .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  null   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  read up the last line .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  read   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if we have a device .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  flask   load
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second bessel function .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  find   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  submit the tags to the queue .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   a
truth:  submit   user

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: status view . 
test:  control   contacts
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of availability availability zones cli example: .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  utility function to get specified amount of random amount .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  pull a collection of admin templates in the collection .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  sort the given list of transport to the corresponding one .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  use   a
truth:  describe   null

test:  ensure the javascript message was logged in .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  verify files are always a suffix with a suffix in the same way as the suffix .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  convert an object into a timestamp object .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  parses   unix
truth:  construct   null

test:  update the local machine .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  update   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  return running totals .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  taken   running
truth:  running   running

test:  return file md5 hash of s3 .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  removes a list of arch .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  registers   encodes
truth:  module   module

test:  this wrapper is getting the shell list in the shell .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  read user choice from a list of options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  read   read
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  place a databases into the database that was an upgrade .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  sums   a
truth:  return   return

test:  use a base url that performs a {'url' url this function is a ioloop check that overrides overrides the same by immediately in the given location of the given url
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  function   function

test:  stacks arrays vertically .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  arrays   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate camelcasenames to spaces .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   converts
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  converts the given list of dicts and optional parameters to them in them .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  return   null
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  checks to see if the rdp server is enabled on the host .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  get   return
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a list of rules name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  the first element of a sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a weekday into a monday .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  convert   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  modify the request .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  call   attempts
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  typical assets .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  using   registry

test:  save the current migration migration :return: none :rtype: dict with the backend fast .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  generate   default
truth:  clear   null

test:  try to set up a try to clean up after a certain set of dtmf .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  retrieves   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  tokenize an iterable of attribute lookup .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  rewrite   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filter out results .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  null   matrices
truth:  null   spline

test:  executes commands and mongodb for arguments .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  make   enable
truth:  command   command

test:  retrieves the information for a queue history .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  file   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python files in the package and its subpackages :type package: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 replaces dont exist in the condition .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the username for this minion cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  check if we are running on the server cli example: .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  show   show

test:  make a version of the given text .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  convert   delete
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  a decorator to attach a wsgi application .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  perform a path against a file or a path on the current platform .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  mount   directory
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return string with all up lines of the text output from the text output by the limit .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  make   null
truth:  does   null

test:  convert binary data into a nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return time string representation of the grouping .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  time   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncate a string to a field that is suitable for inclusion in a field .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return available packet projects by id cli example: .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  fill the defaults with an because of the given arguments .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  replaces   compile
truth:  assuming   a

test:  runs a background process and process its output .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  run   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  return the current time object .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  team controller - combined used for summary line - used for access to component tabs .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the service that the specified service is on a given service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  require   information
truth:  show   properties

test:  decorator to close a spawnd file .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  close   null
truth:  run   a

test:  decorator that skips tests without use to support complete .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: copy-to-slave adds support scm scm requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:release scm .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   ansicolor
truth:  url   url

test:  login to a single file .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  point   point

test:  take a list of ssl ssl option and pass them to a slice object .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  list   add
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return the indentation of the given indentation .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a list of public projects that the given user belongs to .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  uncache the given path .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator to raise a yield-fixture error message .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  construct   a

test:  constructs the environment variables for a pages process .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  get   node
truth:  supply   null

test:  gets the best match for a unit by looking .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  implementation of a given directory .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  call   call

test:  compile the client .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   version
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  redirect to a given request .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  converts   redirect
truth:  generate   a

test:  pull remote remote sources to a remote server .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  determines   copies
truth:  pull   pull

test:  a template tag that returns the url for a given params and params {% handle syntax:: %} usage:: usage:: {% announcements examples:: {% announcements for a variable containing that value
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  null   null

test:  concatenate variables along statsmodels .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  query the data store .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   urls
truth:  query   a

test:  parse authorization grant header into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   lists
truth:  parse   parse

test:  calculate the maximum likelihood .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  calculate   content
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns sha-1 of the block for a given block .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  update   update
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return html support for the payment payment processor .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  signal   signal

test:  expected inclusion_tag_current_app __doc__ .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  lists   return
truth:  renders   null

test:  receive a request with the received socket .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  returns true if *obj* is a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   test

test:  x is n*m feature .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  uses   sum
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters or special characters in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  turn   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of the current ascii string .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  like   attempts
truth:  string   string

test:  filters parse_fasta input_seqs input_seqs input_seqs input_seqs of parse_fasta parse_fasta parse_fasta parse_fasta parse_fasta which to filter filtered by output_seqs_f useful useful to filter the parse_fasta of parse_fasta parse_fasta parse_fasta parse_fasta parse_fasta
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filtered   null
truth:  filtered   null

test:  get the description of the cluster .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  find   a
truth:  read   head

test:  utility function to convert a list to a list .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  convert   shorthand
truth:  to   null

test:  compute the legendre legendre polynomial of the matrix scale .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  null   discrete

test:  consume an iterator that was previously setup with a particular iterator .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  advance   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  format the given chunks as a string of only one token .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  seconds   a
truth:  format   a

test:  attempt to check delete request .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  perform   delete
truth:  if   validate

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  output   output
truth:  testing   testing

test:  test resample against two lamp .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the major .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns information about all xblocks values of the information about all xblocks available on the supplied course .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test fill chart rendering with a none serie .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   no
truth:  fill   fill

test:  given the instructor status of a given instructortask .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   status

test:  nearest real and mask .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if path can be a link to a link .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  this is func1 .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  compare   return
truth:  null   comparison

test:  instantiate a deferred .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  skip test if predicate is :const:true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  test   page
truth:  test   test

test:  on the filesystem .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  clear   wrapper
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   metadata
truth:  delete   delete

test:  start a online time service :return: true if successful .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  returns a list of requested pages .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  load an image object from a module .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  load   create
truth:  null   image

test:  convert s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   a

test:  multiply a multiplication .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration according to the authn context .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  analyze   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a list of installed python files which are supported by the installed function .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  select   tuple
truth:  select   a

test:  unpack files in a list of files .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the unpause dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a disk image to a given virtual machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  create a suitable dictionary for the attributes .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  verify   helper
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  find the first matches in a dictionary of lookup tuples .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  return   pull
truth:  search   a

test:  compress a zip file and writes a zip zip file .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  compress   null

test:  adding a proxy for a unittest proxy .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  force   null
truth:  null   sessions

test:  returns a list containing the data containing the grouped data .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  get   data
truth:  form   form

test:  returns the english article for the word .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns the value of a basic basic basic basic user .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  get   user
truth:  given   a

test:  return the load from a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   test

test:  process the exception for a get-spider-stats .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  adds context variables to the context .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  cleans   context
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  minimize   a

test:  sets the controls attribute .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  link   boto
truth:  controls   controls

test:  try to install all configuration hook .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   try
truth:  hook   hook

test:  handles all the given public ids .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  create a new service on the given cluster .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  solves a system order using newtons method .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  null   null

test:  use pexpect to retrieve the output of show ip int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  require a setuptools setuptools and be installed as a setuptools is installed .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  performs the conjugate-transpose of a matrix .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager user and extract the message .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  obtain and parse the certname configuration .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  load   configures
truth:  get   get

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  return a function key suitable for a given key .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  to   create
truth:  return   a

test:  construct the volume name from the volume .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  construct   calling
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   one
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  transform a series into an array .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  tests   lists
truth:  transforms   a

test:  get line with points .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  creates a new computenode and populates it with the most recent objects .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  list all brew that a given path is not built .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  prefix   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt forced monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  forced   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  not valid utf-8 encoded string to unicode .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a anywhere which is used by the specified region .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  opt is a dsa signin .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  get   return
truth:  -   -

test:  returns a list of all valid rules for the application .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return path to dhcp file for dhcp .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   path

test:  attach a logger for the logger .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  null   a

test:  genslices -> str this function is a wrapper around a unitary .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  builds the classical ip address from the contents to calculating the packet .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a utc time string to utc date format .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  parse   convert
truth:  null   inverse

test:  check to see if the mount mount is enabled .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  reports   set
truth:  report   report

test:  :: :: versions .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: tox this plugin allows records from tox .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   force
truth:  null   tox

test:  it should extract the scenario repr from the scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test adding from pil .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  issue   issue

test:  convert a path such as a unicode string .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return url to async .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  add   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a bson double to bson .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  asserts the log path of a step path .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  match   path
truth:  null   helper

test:  show backrefs source and user_id of the pkg-info object .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  files   print
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for python 2 .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  add lightening attribute of the vector3 .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   linear
truth:  add   add

test:  free function used by turning a namedtuple to place .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  null   http
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  asserts   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  hits sql query and returns a dict of query available .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  return   fetch
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  store our ast .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  use   long
truth:  persist   parser

test:  append the oauth parameters to the list of web parameters .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  append   a
truth:  append   oauth

test:  verifies that all files have available for the whitelist .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  check   verifies
truth:  null   implementation

test:  make sure configuration is installed from datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  get   a

test:  open and play a file .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   text
truth:  open   svg

test:  this method provides a generator of groups from a hg .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  unpack   method
truth:  null   method

test:  makes sure the line has a node that returns a new input .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  ensure   order
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   round
truth:  add   add

test:  fixture to return something that can successfully lock .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  lock   lock
truth:  lock   lock

test:  fetches a com dict with information about the type that can be stored .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  given   a

test:  returns true if a certificate should be a certificate certificate .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  validate   a

test:  looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   attempts
truth:  looks   null

test:  serialize common document and show about thumbnail details .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  given   null
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up and return the flow in session .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  gets the karma text .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this is usually be called upon a test case where the web module is not running .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  null   stubs
truth:  m   m

test:  takes a cron file system and returns a list of values .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  traverse mapreduce trees and find mapreduce in current directory .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  traverse   null

test:  decorator for notify which require that the function is used in order to skip a test if a test case is not in the test function at the output: is
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  iterate over files and generate directories .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   return
truth:  iterate   null

test:  log out which we can use to call support .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  function   template
truth:  have   null

test:  returns the python widgets of a python shell .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  given   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function converts a string to a native hash .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  converts   view
truth:  implements   generic

test:  validate the children of amis .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   children

test:  runs the command line application .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  runs   states
truth:  create   create

test:  return a wrapped string containing key-value information for a file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  load   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return an iterator over the raster in the wmf image .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the violations of the violations of the pep8 .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  returns   fetch
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  marks strings for translation but doesnt translate them now .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  marks up image as well .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  releases   depth
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  process the xml element .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  process   process
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a[b] = b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that a higher import archive cannot reference a absolute archive .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resizes a wx .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  convert   changes
truth:  resizes   a

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns generator of sets of successive chunks for each pixel at abc .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the number of original addresses for the specified period of cuda .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  computes   size
truth:  null   memory

test:  setup the events for the sysdmins configuration .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  register   helper
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return predefined connection or fields cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  figure out a specific sm backend config in the locationglobal .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse assembly volume info .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  perform   algorithm
truth:  parse   parse

test:  log a page access page .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  used   a
truth:  log   log

test:  return the string with any markdown that might be found in the given user .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  connect to the local database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  to   data
truth:  create   database

test:  return the current rvm version .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  return   a
truth:  update   rvm

test:  x: all log .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  redirect unix streams to a stream .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   redirect
truth:  redirect   a

test:  verify and is 644 given .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image scrolled down the test with the viewport down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a function with a user .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  text   a
truth:  annotate   a

test:  adds timed exam to a given section or none if there is no updates .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   in

test:  strip plaintext and strange strange .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  leading   link
truth:  strip   strip

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   code
truth:  remove   a

test:  return superimposition matrix .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   target
truth:  return   matrix

test:  computes preprocessing of two points .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  return the jupyter notebook referrer of the appropriate notebook .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  gets anonymous user by name .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  demonstrates   get
truth:  returns   user

test:  imports imports with the given code .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  this module is still loaded the module and prints it to the foo functions .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  null   directory
truth:  replace   division

test:  makes a test event .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  add the directory to the list of the directory in dirlist if 1) is not already exists .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get the container container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  deletes   container
truth:  get   container

test:  convenience function wraps technical .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  output   a
truth:  function   function

test:  create a virtual machine .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in the site at the given site .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  compute   distribution
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a commit tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  generate   commits
truth:  create   a

test:  compare two projectors and right are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  asserts   correct
truth:  assert   assert

test:  simple page without template but with internationalization .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  computes   page
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns the unicode attributes of the xml string .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  null   value
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert the fully qualified path to a real path .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  string   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  add new knowledge item .
truth: new item form . 
test:  index   null
truth:  null   item

test:  displays a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the given form .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  null   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  return true iff cook cook are safe for use in the config .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  compare   return
truth:  pass   pass

test:  rgb to cie-luv color space conversion .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  null   rgb
truth:  return   rgb

test:  return true if path contains a local word .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  support   multiple

test:  mount up a remount platform .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  mount   command
truth:  try   try

test:  simple test function taken from rsa .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  msg   msg

test:  try to determine if a url is a escaped url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   test

test:  given a list of degrees x and y .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  verify that inheritance selecting shouldnt be skipped .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a node for testing purposes .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the long description of a file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   build
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  get the list of heartbeat addresses that contain a control operation .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  close   teardown
truth:  send   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register db types .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   register

test:  close the status of a given status .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  close   close
truth:  closes   null

test:  registers this special log handler for the given logger .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  register   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  is the given service is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy query strings into a search_service_pb .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  query   query

test:  remove all prerequisite associated with the given prerequisite .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes temporary files used to create the temporary directory .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   temporary
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shuts down the server and wait for all organizations events .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shut   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  show the list of searching for this script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  null   show
truth:  show   show

test:  check if encoding is valid .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  given an error code .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  read tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   metamorph
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a list of all the paths that differ in the given property .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  need   need

test:  this page presents a response object into the json files and the format that the format .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  simulate   page
truth:  render   a

test:  execute the given process id .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  return   arrays
truth:  run   run

test:  upsample then then smooth image .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  null   image
truth:  smooth   null

test:  add useful queries to the queue .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  adds   task
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  test working copy when a target already exists and has a working copy .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  null   working
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  validate username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  raises   a

test:  ratio: ratio: test objective function .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check that all namespaces namespaces are unique namespaces for the given app .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  generate   load
truth:  if   null

test:  get the local element .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  redirects a source to its name .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  rename   source
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a string into a float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  tries to find the version of the project .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  given   version
truth:  to   attempts

test:  raise a path if it does not exist .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  null   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  test that a quoted file for a table is an test_url_req_case_mismatch_no_index for the instanceactionapi table .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  replaces instances like concat with concat_ws(mid(char(0) .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   instances
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that the provided channels are the expected channels .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  list   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  takes a string and a sorted list of string instances .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  takes   process
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to generate interface for use with the vms argument .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  function   vm
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an exception thrown by calling its arguments .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a string to a number of bits .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  translates a requests spec by an alias and optional requests .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  complete   generate

test:  compute the number of lines in this file .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  find   null
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clears the screen .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  init   null
truth:  to   try

test:  parses a random integer value in bytes .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  function   function

test:  raises a runtimeerror if it is registered on the system .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   context

test:  removes files needed for all files in the given directory .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  remove   remove

test:  saves item to session .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  saves   current

test:  start the execution of exits in the database .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  update   null
truth:  add   add

test:  retrieves the snapshots metadata for a collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the current locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  stubs   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  return information about all information that are quite saying .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  get   information
truth:  return   a

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials code .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   exchanges
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  shows and serve html .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  counts   return
truth:  build   html

test:  logarithm a date from quarter to a month .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  construct   edges
truth:  extract   date

test:  wrap utility handler around indexing errors .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  iterate   handler
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decompress a trail in bytes .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  stubbed   8bit
truth:  null   null

test:  customize the compiler test suite .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  rendered   copy
truth:  null   inject

test:  gets the template based on the expression .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  to   source
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the region codes that need the country code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a duplicate file with the given paths .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  initialize   signals
truth:  function   function

test:  list monitor data on a yaml monitor .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  declare the only interfaces interfaces implemented by name .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  list active mounts on mac os systems .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  we use a search for pre-populate .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  search   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  generates a random id .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse a beets query string to a query .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  quotes   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new folder .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fetches a private exploration from a given exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  function   encoder
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the current permission permission are passed to their builtin .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  generate   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the headers in an headers .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  parses   lists
truth:  build   a

test:  get parameters from a user-defined user-defined .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get a authentication password from a wsgi environment .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is still multivariate because i is just a wrapper around some critical inputs .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get mysql error messages .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  look   in

test:  build a ownership map from arguments .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  create   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  make sure ast strings behaves like built .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  null   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a version of sparse .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the unicode representation of a path .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a given index exists .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a name that has the given name .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  get   get

test:  convert bytes to utf-8 .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  escape   strings
truth:  if   null

test:  saves the results to a specified stream .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   request
truth:  save   null

test:  setup the host information for a given host .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  search   nodes
truth:  find   find

test:  instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as a dictionary .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   cls
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  callback for config .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  returns the amount of cpu used so far by the current request .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  escapes a file .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  replace   in
truth:  string   string

test:  combine multiple images in a single file .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  files   files

test:  require english language .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   target
truth:  require   null

test:  train a running ? .
truth: train a model . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  train   a

test:  parse breadcrumbs and return values as a dict .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns svn changes in an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  function that work with the express function .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  null   opposite

test:  jarque bera bera .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object or use it returns the first object .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   identification
truth:  module   identification

test:  drops a user .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  confirm   up
truth:  prompts   null

test:  regression test for an error raised if the template supports it on a nans .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when the scenario matches exactly .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  parse the comma separated tag of a list of tag .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  check   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return true if the url is a safe redirection .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  debug/test should be called from the script import this is convenient through all the tidy5 ipython strings .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   library
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dict of active configuration values .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   tuple
truth:  get   get

test:  merge a config .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  converts   layer

test:  performs a template extra action to a template with a template name .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  null   replacement

test:  adds a relaxed variable to the expression .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  null   function
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  download and compute the prereq hash of a file .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  cache   up
truth:  execute   null

test:  checks whether a media permissions has a permission for the given type .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  takes   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  imports and return app tests .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  provide   a

test:  list lists .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  list   entry
truth:  show   show

test:  prints information about the pagination pagination .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with three paths and match the user about the query .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  compare two inverse computation .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   reading
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  helper to get the loc template .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  to   method

test:  run makemessages and return le nanfunctions .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   builder
truth:  run   run

test:  set the given properties on an computenode and update it .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  set   update
truth:  creates   a

test:  clear the node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   convolution
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  get or create an visible document for the given database .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  retrieve   hosts
truth:  return   return

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  list the fonts files recursively .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  grab   a

test:  lazy variant of ml headers .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send email to reject accept their reject .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  samples   schedule
truth:  send   session

test:  returns the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  shared registration form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  form   set
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  delete a table .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  create   a
truth:  wrap   table

test:  block a value is unknown or the system .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  call   function
truth:  set   set

test:  given a path .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a regex from a string .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  turns   string
truth:  null   foo

test:  set the await method .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  compare   set
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to include a list of the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  add a service to a service server .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  send email notifications to the context of a list of responses .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  build   topics
truth:  returns   a

test:  grab a colormap instance based on a colormap and a lut instance .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  stop a container .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  convert a dictionary to a dict .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  model   model

test:  dump a symbol class .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  gets   show
truth:  download   download

test:  remove users in conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  code   line
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given an apikey key .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  abort   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get text with the functions from the file name .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   get

test:  talk the container container container container container container index returns is_orthonormal : headers to talk to the container index .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  function   a
truth:  talk   null

test:  return whether the current runtime character is a playing on the current character .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   case

test:  verify a sha containing the sha for a file .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  get the successful line from a source file .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  return the string smaller of the given title .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  return   function
truth:  count   count

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  renders a report and return its ids .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  find the machine on the given cname .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  look   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns all website for the given users .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call specifying specifying specifying specifying the matlab for a given object? .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  verify slicing fail fail has parameterless attribute .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   join
truth:  test   test

test:  assert that the given output is blacklisted enough to the given settings: .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  fail   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  default   builder

test:  test handling of jd .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator to add modifier symbol to a modifier modifier .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  match the given attribute against the supplied attribute .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  confirm   search
truth:  match   a

test:  simple simple depending on ipv4 address .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  executes the status of an action based on the local node .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  predefined   name
truth:  predefined   return

test:  apply a palette to a palette .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  replace   apply
truth:  get   pil

test:  generates a random cloud instance .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse extra information .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parse   convert
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  module   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the type of a type .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller for the module .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is success .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute x .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  computes   indices
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  returns the byte stream for byte processing .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  load tasks from all tasks .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  called   null
truth:  loading   loading

test:  delete to delete an inventory inventory .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  to   delete

test:  add ssl certificate certificate to site certificate .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  add   custom

test:  escape the given html .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  replace   deserialize
truth:  escape   a

test:  merge list of dictionaries by a single attribute .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   a

test:  true if the given policy is a same policy .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  elide filename .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  query   search
truth:  null   a

test:  check that value is a valid requirements .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates the trigger object in the db object .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  custom view of js headers and http requests .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get_prosite_entry -> handle get a handle to a weighted weighted dict .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run the leaf app .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  check   run
truth:  run   run

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  run   line
truth:  command   line

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the contenttype .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  to   run
truth:  returns   returns

test:  internal helper function for parsing certificate request .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  perform   verifies
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieve the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  password   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the rate limiting behavior of the requirements .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  main control function runs the bloggerexample application .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  execute   usage
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the maximum of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  helper method to return a dict with ip places .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a database is installed and contains the database .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   a

test:  return a datetime object for the given object .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  list of all languages in the language .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set attribute attribute to be a default to reuse .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  obj   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  parse a template string into a template for the given params .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  makes a new qwebpage group .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  get a deployment .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the template for the given template .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  returns the url string from the url value that has the given url .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parses the results of leading/trailing and generate a plain line string .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   asset
truth:  parse   parse

test:  copy python files and flag to new options .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  minify   +

test:  setup the pyzabbix component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a testcase for tests that verify the tests is thats thats thats thats .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a new url-safe of data .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  get the carving of a gcode file .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  display   null
truth:  analyze   a

test:  populate a module and apply it to the workflow .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  used   null

test:  prints the current python version number of the galaxy python module .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  initialize   touch
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  make sure that a given gem is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test uninstall after a reqs file .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  call signature:: .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  verifies   merge
truth:  stack   stack

test:  returns the full info for the given pid using the processes process .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test that we can detect all the files .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update environ parameters for trivial trivial trivial trivial trivial trivial update parameters for trivial trivial trivial row .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   environ
truth:  update   environ

test:  transforms a vector to a matrix of symmetric .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  builds   null

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  verifies that all the expected_paths exist and no no directories are present .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  make sure that the test is not a backend .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  func   null
truth:  use   use

test:  test to ensure that hugs the nullable type works as expected .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it or object doesnt exist .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  get the matplotlib backend .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  writeable writeable to help with a random path this is useful for checking that file is not a writeable on a writeable temporary file and cant be stripped in a
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  filename   file
truth:  open   temporary

test:  read from hdf5 file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  compute   count
truth:  load   a

test:  returns a "generated version of the given tree .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  mask   helper
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a new context object that can be used to provide a static job .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator to explicitly all options in a command line options .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  updates a remote branch to remote sources .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  return the item item in the config table .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  mark a test as immune .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  performs a mapping of source records .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  read   a

test:  install rss .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  setup   server
truth:  help   help

test:  transform zmq keypair to a links .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  activate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  updating   test

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function or equal to an object .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  widen   a
truth:  outline   a

test:  plot the day summary of the day .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plots   day

test:  pad the specified axis .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the strings of the two strings .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  string   string

test:  computes the sum of non-zero elements of a given vector .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  sum   lists
truth:  compute   norm

test:  this function does the resource escapes .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  are   null
truth:  is   null

test:  reads an oversampled file by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  iterates over the given field .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves the separable order differential equations .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns the error message .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  given   null

test:  check if the directory is a python system .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  use   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  deletes the given item as a list of existing tab for the given category .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  provide title message from title .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  function   module_content
truth:  extract   null

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  decorates the asserting version of len(x) .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  find   verbose
truth:  returns   a

test:  filters stripping filter .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   operator

test:  agent add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  adds   folder
truth:  add   add

test:  safer if two directories are equal .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test for default paths that the default paths for ssl libnotify .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  verify   default
truth:  return   paths

test:  short function for extra_model_fields special date .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  take   null
truth:  if   check

test:  assignment_expression : argument_expression_list comma assignment_expression .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  constant_expression_opt   null
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   acpi_tables
truth:  return   return

test:  return a specific tenants cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  calculate the elementwise updates for each individual style service .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  used   find
truth:  null   gradient

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  retrieve links for the current footer platform .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a new store for a store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete a table where clause from be deleted .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  temporarily disable sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   stderr
truth:  context   context

test:  place an order by name .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  get   factory
truth:  place   place

test:  get a list of all the course_updates paths of the same hook as an os itemstatus to collect under tk and tk .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  get   a

test:  read all column groups that match positive .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   groups

test:  compute the md5 hash of a file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  null   md5
truth:  compute   compute

test:  configure email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  runs the example and returns the example .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   one
truth:  run   run

test:  nearest integer difference between two matrices .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   integer

test:  currency attributes to currency by latest action using the currency module .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  download the vehicle from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  call fn with given kwargs .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  call   call
truth:  calls   calls

test:  just gives a combined tensor .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  if   set
truth:  flag   flag

test:  set the root password into the given root password to write the base password to the base password the base password using the filesystem into the key .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  read in previously saved objects from a file .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  read   in

test:  changes the appropriate plugin e .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  setup   set
truth:  set   set

test:  only load this module if the psql bin exist .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  run   set
truth:  load   load

test:  copy a filesystem to a file .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   filesystem
truth:  copy   contents

test:  return the total icon of the or the item .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  compare   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  release-specific : row of lists in the block block .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  wait   retry
truth:  constructs   a

test:  create sailthru list in a new user .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   null
truth:  list   list

test:  creates a new logger and update it .
truth: create the database . 
test:  create   display
truth:  create   create

test:  calculate the expected covariance matrix of the cholesky mean .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  validate that the given directory is actually a valid python binary .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   check

test:  takes a dictionary of dicts and returns true if it is a variable .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and multi episodes .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  get descriptions for name from name .
truth: if present . 
test:  get   find
truth:  present   null

test:  returns a domain name .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a string representation of a number .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   up
truth:  move   up

test:  make a single connection .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  invoke   fetch
truth:  to   connect

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  compute lc and a lc polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  multiply   compute
truth:  results   results

test:  list all group positions .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  extract data from a model and return a row of the data .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  extract   data
truth:  express   a

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of sequences in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get roles for a user or role .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  get   holidays
truth:  returns   roles

test:  accumulate all classes that are implemented in a class .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  returns document to use when a document exists .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like stdout but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  null   like
truth:  like   pretty

test:  register a new types .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  returns whether a user has a permission for other a document .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  returns   link
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  returns a descriptor .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the user info cookie .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  destroys   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieves the information about the course index .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  iterator   user
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   start

test:  test malformed destinations .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  is   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  register a class as a compiler for a class .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  one hot labels .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  null   get
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  mangle the given name .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  drops   alias
truth:  mangle   a

test:  create a document in a single document .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  univariate a function of a sequence of numbers .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  function   function

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a tensor along the given axis .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a document .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  config   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive n-sized n from l .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  null   method

test:  show idle warning on a warning .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  store   loop
truth:  show   show

test:  returns value for the given db .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  value   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the helptopic model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  change   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generates the value of an iterator that was cancelled in at least one step .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  converts   default
truth:  split   a

test:  update the last_state for the object .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   state

test:  determine the local .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   setting
truth:  return   a

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compare names .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  start a basic server factory .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  build up an md5 request data .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  remove terms of f from f .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  add   port
truth:  add   add

test:  process the master of a multiprocessing process .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  set or disable the carvable query of volumeservice .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   query
truth:  set   state

test:  find the portion of the efficient in the tree .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  display the most appropriate changes .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  display   display

test:  round a number to a precision .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  to   a
truth:  round   a

test:  decorator for registering api methods .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  used   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  project add .
truth: new project form . 
test:  null   location
truth:  project   project

test:  fail if two python tensors is importable .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  if   asserts
truth:  raise   null

test:  removes a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return the string with whitespace replaced by quoted .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   arrays
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  downloads a resource at url and saves the given url to the given filename .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  writes   downloads
truth:  download   a

test:  retains the experiment .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  run   null
truth:  install   install

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  encoding   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  calculate the candidate directory of the user .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  indent   calls
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   a

test:  calls users .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   users
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial release section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  null   release
truth:  release   release

test:  fixture that provides a blob as a blob .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  add a task queue to a url .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  default geo distance distance between a and y .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  null   distance

test:  returns a string that can be used to create a valid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  convert   strip
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test subunit output with undefined steps .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   subunit
truth:  test   subunit

test:  remove an element from the point .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   pixel
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a np .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  input   input

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  creates an rate argument spec .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  extend   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a path .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check if the api is valid .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  warnings   message
truth:  validate   validate

test:  grab the cron cron for the resource_type resource_type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   resolver

test:  test human_readable bundle .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date as the time until that date .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   validate
truth:  test   date

test:  set header for vary requests .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  sets   name
truth:  add   a

test:  get a dict of fields for a requested models .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  populates   details
truth:  sign   sign

test:  update the module attribute when no deinstalls is changed .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  invalidate   handler
truth:  to   null

test:  translate a callback to a message .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  converts   django
truth:  translate   translate

test:  debugging hook for tests .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  object   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  performs a url appropriate for use in the payment api .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  null   slashes
truth:  callback   callback

test:  run a string and assign grouped by default method .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  run   run

test:  squared logarithmic error metric .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  squared   indices
truth:  squared   mean

test:  returns true if the cohort is cohorted .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  collect unique elements .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  default list of handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check whether socket is a depending on this host .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  bench   bench
truth:  bench   bench

test:  collect and collect multiple hosts for master config in the master .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  collects   arguments
truth:  get   a

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  take   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  declares a flag as key to a module .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  converts a raw byte string into a filesystem .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return which version of openshift using openshift .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   current

test:  return the supplied identity matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate config for one of the requested config files and endpoint from the cluster .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  show   display
truth:  return   info

test:  take a string and return an iterator .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  null   a
truth:  remove   characters

test:  gets the item from an item or timeout .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  look   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns a hashed with the given password formatted according to the given password .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter identities based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  use   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a timedelta value to fractions .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   filter
truth:  convert   a

test:  register a new oauth application .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  list   wrapper
truth:  register   register

test:  try to get the formatted coding from a text .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  to   function

test:  calculate the vector which is the last value of a histogram of a histogram .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  test   test
truth:  get   get

test:  given an object and a class .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  check   a
truth:  map   map

test:  returns a list of salt addresses configured on the interface ifname .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the bytes of a given disk .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gemm manipulates function .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  computing   create
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an existing token .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  merge two dictionaries and return dictionary .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  combines   null

test:  create an exception class .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  display the export dialog .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  handle   convenience
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write statistics for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  file   a
truth:  file   file

test:  helper to scale a bem subject .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  determines   helper
truth:  scale   a

test:  check to see if a specific pool exists cli example: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   a

test:  try to guess the user .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  translate   unpack
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  verify that the current *domains is in stdin .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  convert   objects
truth:  checks   checks

test:  reconstruct the object field of axes .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  find   values
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  class decorator that asserts that the instance of the given class name is a dictionary .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings and b .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  draw a graph g for float32 .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach a json generated generated generated field to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  edge betweenness centrality for randomly task task .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  cache   edges
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  same as a >> b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return page .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  use   render
truth:  adds   null

test:  save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   properties
truth:  save   properties

test:  returns a multivariate f-statistic function .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  enable   readline

test:  decode a binary string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only load the module if the os is installed .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  run   d
truth:  work   work

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt events and start the minion .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  add string s to the added string .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  pads   null

test:  this wrapper will log when unhandled is cluster .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  if   null

test:  stops a node .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  stops   current

test:  with corners at a time .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  runs   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax checking: fail if scenarios is not a feature .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   syntax

test:  grab grab token and return a dict with the value of os .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  requests   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the language in the given path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  used to track the list of cuda matrices .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  plots histograms of a test logged in velocity space .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  plots   histograms
truth:  plot   plot

test:  create a new in-game space that matches the positive boolean values .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  null   test
truth:  constructs   a

test:  context manager to swap a code while suppress .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  receive   process
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   datasetkfold
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of exception entries from tb .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  format   a

test:  upload the os to the different python process .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  register   lists
truth:  upload   upload

test:  start the website .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  null   null
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a class that will create partial functions for the current init .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get all pending checks that a arg is pending reboot .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  null   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  re-execute the file-like object structure .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  load the possible attribute string .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  takes   text
truth:  function   function

test:  regression test for url .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  null   d

test:  test cloning from bazaar .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  checking   test
truth:  checking   checking

test:  given a trail name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build a sequence of bucket to tmpdir .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse dates in yyyymmdd format .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  given   a

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  unset   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a pytree string .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  deletes any cached jobs that was called by the os .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  clear   up
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns the minpoly product of polynomial dimensions of the polynomial executable .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  return   product
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a login profile .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  deletes   a

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  shut   a
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read a starting image as a string .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   lsm
truth:  read   read

test:  save profiling information to the context .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   null
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  configure flocker certificates for the given node .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   flocker
truth:  configure   configure

test:  make the dimensions of a vector .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  is   get
truth:  sort   sort

test:  convert a dictionary to c{bytes} .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  applies   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the index .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  list all cache groups visible in the account .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  utility method that converts a path to a filesystem .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  return   return
truth:  prepend   null

test:  view returning the user about the ajax redirect and return the results .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  null   null
truth:  query   query

test:  restores a ccx to a ccx .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   references

test:  this function is run in the gui gui gui backends and save it to the backend .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  null   null
truth:  show   show

test:  check if variable is shared .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  returns true if info was changed .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the zero decomposition of a tuple .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  check   cycle
truth:  return   return

test:  restore the defaults for a specific loggers level .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  use   use

test:  changes the value of a given virtual machine .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  name   name

test:  google-python-api-client google-python-api-client .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  converts   html
truth:  generate   a

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  assert-like decorator raising a datastorefilestub when we get media stub .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  complete a sound amount of the paths of the file .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  matching   value
truth:  select   null

test:  replace the access text by removing the access statistics and values from the user .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test to ensure that its possible to ignore a cache in debug/test .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  github   github

test:  make a processor from an operation .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  call   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  main function to write all files in the given file .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  handle   sys
truth:  null   entry

test:  set the default python implementation of the current file .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  null   null
truth:  error   error

test:  do some directly of the directly .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   null

test:  runs an exception on an exception .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  exception   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read a single blast format from a file with the executive b_path: .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  do a slices for slices with kinds .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  convert   indices
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure the module is active .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  training event controller - used for imports .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   controller
truth:  training   events

test:  performs a raw request tool tool with the same name and returns it .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  find   a
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  count   count
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a postfix line of a postfix line .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scans   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  test for get word from c++ file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test text for an attributeerror on a single models .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  complete   information
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reboot
truth:  set   set

test:  remove an api request to a media .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  support   rm

test:  extract containers that are not a directed container .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  label   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  label for finding @todo: remainder currently active channel .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  object   strings
truth:  select   null

test:  factory function that sends a middleware middleware and passes the application .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  make   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  simple function that passes a simple equality to a docstring .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  convert a string to a canonical datetime .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  null   indices
truth:  string   string

test:  completely removes files in the master cache .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  summarize a summary of against the updated points .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  deprecated   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  iterate over the items in iterable x .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  object   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  get the disk block size of the given path .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a formatted function by name .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  update   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  raises a articles if two elements are not a numeric array .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   numpy

test:  returns a decorator that converts a function into a supported decorator .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  server-side check for the widget .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  write a component to a file .
truth: write component . 
test:  called   a
truth:  write   component

test:  summarize the mathjax script handler .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  process   quotes
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing an editable linux distribution .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a blank string if time points to be "none" .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  shift   shift

test:  delete a thumbnail .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  deletes   update
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return an array of n random numbers .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  return the current event .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   event

test:  context manager to describe the current buffer .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  context   null
truth:  used   null

test:  set the current user and store it as a new :class:group .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   a
truth:  process   process

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  this function takes a string as input .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  run all registered objects .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  return   training
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes a list of documents .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  decode a raw encoded string into the alphabet .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  purge the virtual environment .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get the url for the course position in the current section .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  list of user titles .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get the role policy for the role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the github version is installed .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the version of func() which known to run on the get command with tk .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   mac
truth:  returns   a

test:  if the signed certificate was file_paths .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that checks the fixture against a given type .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  create a symlink relative to the given path .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  converts   link
truth:  create   a

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from representation of size .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check that 3 can be passed to a groebner representation .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  check   test
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  return the current proxy function using the given snapshot .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  output   null
truth:  start   node

test:  delete attachment_specs specs for the specified attachment .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  loads the lexers module defined in the module .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  load   a

test:  parse command-line arguments .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   deserialize
truth:  given   parse

test:  do any hard hard hard attributes .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  null   input
truth:  translate   rest

test:  removes a s3 object from the s3 bucket .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   function

test:  confirm the user has the value of a question .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  ask   user

test:  parses a string as a floating point number .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   label
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the time zone as a tzinfo instance .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  password   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  set an alert hook .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  get   set
truth:  null   alert

test:  override the namespace .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  decorator to trigger a cached jobs .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to markdown .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   build
truth:  makes   null

test:  subsamples the type .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  url   a
truth:  if   null

test:  a expression that is an expression than products in other .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  test that we can cast to a cast .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  the python interpreter should be supported by the c command .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifies a list of length by a vector .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  simulates   launch
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  generates a chain of chain between chain between chain and chain definitions .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the info structure structure structure for a container .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   info

test:  decorator that returns a function wrapper .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  performs the latest image on a distribution .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  trigger a site site events .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   null
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add a contributor to the document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  make sure the given module is loaded .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  activate   null
truth:  save   state

test:  return bytes in bytes .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  return   format
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  runs the dummy function heroku and executed heroku .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  register a bunch of messages on a socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  send   a
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  return   authentication
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for hub .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the latest version of a repository and changeset it on the received changeset revision .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a unicode string into unicode instance .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  decodes   unicode
truth:  convert   s3

test:  verifies that the system is provided .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  construct a square-free string from a list of formatters .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  -   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test that column of t[a] works as expected .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  existing   replace

test:  get a whole start date based on matching start date .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  handle the signed response and create an openid response .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  parse   build
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that match groups takes named groups .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  helper function for pretty-printing a lowercase expression .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  function   sys
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty empty directory .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  create a new matlab version for the given version .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  make   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a decorator that allows you to run a test with the result of a callable .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  to   no
truth:  func   func

test:  read forward forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  test basic index datapaths in u .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  attributes   null
truth:  test   test

test:  given a port and port .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  search   port
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get an access token .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  create   a
truth:  access   access

test:  gets the name for the current index .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  write   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  relative strength index .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  null   deviation
truth:  null   exponential

test:  creates a directory if it already exists .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  select   null
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller for resource .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if there is a distance development for download_file .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  determine   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  prepare a remote command and returns its output as a usable command .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   build
truth:  command   command

test:  instantiate a keystone client .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the l2 projection of the projection of the given basis .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  projects   projects

test:  checks if a string is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  get the absolute area of the vector3 loop .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determines if the search_path should be refreshed by checking if the sql has set search_path .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the unittest flags flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  this is a decorator that checks if this is not enabled .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  is   a

test:  compute the key for a given order .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  sort   key
truth:  create   a

test:  remove all those children after the given node .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  replace   convert
truth:  given   a

test:  wrapper for linear shape shape that also used for shapes .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  multiply   prints
truth:  give   null

test:  matching the function signature of the matching class .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  call   null
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or all items from a queue .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  function   function
truth:  pop   one

test:  adds the input data to an .
truth: input data . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  input   data

test:  verify that the signature arguments are positional .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  command   a
truth:  if   check

test:  test installing from a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return the exit language(s) for the currently running the gpg .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the implementation of a single iternext() implementation .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  check if files can be executed .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  format   a

test:  a simple login protected view .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  serialize python object containing native object .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return the potential body' for a given job id .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  null   sys
truth:  null   energy

test:  convert obj to fields and returns none .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  return bban object from iban .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  returns   screen
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  encode encode the provided data and returns a dictionary of xml attributes .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  adds   root
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays horizontally .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  decorator which mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  add a named entry to an event pair .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  look   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  rest controller for budget_location .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  wrapper around sparsevariable .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  tuple   returns
truth:  get   values

test:  class decorator to add a pmap class types to a model class .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  initialize common common configuration .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  default   default

test:  statements that the database manager has been modified .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  migrate   x
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if the named vms exists .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  query   query

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  starts   start
truth:  start   start

test:  www mainly for authenticate .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  warnings   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : plusplus unary_expression rparen .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  get the list of configuration errors for the current request lifecycle .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a temp file on the given path and returns its filename .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  file   return
truth:  return   return

test:  determines whether tribler supports a hard hard to be profiles .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  if   null

test:  set the data which the clipboard has the clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  check the slug list in the correct slug list is valid .
truth: check slug . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  check   slug

test:  returns true if all strings is a regular expression .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  search   search

test:  returns project and skip define bad hacked arguments: projects: -- a project name or none .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  project   project

test:  get unconfirmed objects .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  merge a hash for an individual hash .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  populate   validate
truth:  given   a

test:  calculate all j[ for a vars .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  get   dict
truth:  gets   a

test:  get the last modified date .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  guess   guess

test:  return an item for a specific object .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete any overlapping cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  tear   null
truth:  null   rest

test:  makes increasing increase sticks _make_increasing_ohlc() and _make_decreasing_ohlc separate the increasing trace from a decreasing expression .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return the version from the mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  set the media context .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  create all events that was last updated since the page is to the page .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  null   page

test:  waits for the probability density function .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  computes   object
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the string string .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  wiener data for the given filter .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  mean   mean

test:  show info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  start   info
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parses the version string like b12 .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  dotted   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check that the entrance key exists in the given exam .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  check   sys
truth:  grabs   null

test:  verify that the type methods of shape is loaded a sharedmethod for how the class instead of shape .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a dict of setter methods for a given name .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get the complex path .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the name of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return expression containing value .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  given   helper
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute harris corner measure response of a harris .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   step
truth:  compute   harris

test:  get the repr of the class .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  makes a query to the specified dns response .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  look   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  add a medias loop .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  try to find a list of paths in the given package .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  given   find
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url existing use of covariance tests .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns true if the ip is running in the web ip address .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ip   ip

test:  add an ip address .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   get
truth:  add   a

test:  test installing a relative requirements file .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  remove   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform an minfo record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  look   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  send email to exist .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  sends   create
truth:  copied   null

test:  make sure we can get new .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  load scores from a file .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  load   config
truth:  read   a

test:  format the elements of l .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  null   a
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder of circular .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   nth
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  prints out the command line commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  does the commit itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  load a paypal certificate .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  specify   a

test:  reads the object inside the given reference .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  null   key
truth:  null   variant

test:  initialize the score needed for the user .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  use   a
truth:  set   set

test:  fixture to run a topic in a test with a single post .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  lock   decorate
truth:  locked   a

test:  return a list of exposed extensions that have been downloaded like system .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  get   get

test:  load a document and return the document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  generates   function
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate specific volume specs from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  creates a new aggregate with the given name and return it .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a filename .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  remove the url that is sensible sensible using the web at the given url .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  null   strips
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: builder this plugin allows you to capture code coverage access control by the build stream and job tool with the jenkins against the build .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  performs a controller request to a nested patching .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  modified   version

test:  restores a configuration copy of a configuration copy .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restores   config
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  expression a decode expression .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a binary string into an html fragment .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  unicode   strings
truth:  null   conversion

test:  test text of polar .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  test our lib .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  test   null
truth:  add   add

test:  returns true if *obj* is non .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students students in a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download and upload the csv for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   student

test:  try to guess kube arc .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  change   tuple
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 3-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that the signature is invalid .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  like   return
truth:  function   function

test:  plot the image at the bottom of the matrix .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  setting   null
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  bytestrings if passed in supplied instance .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  implement   stuff
truth:  fit   fit

test:  this function tests that the wrapped folder still exist and that the folder is set to have a bug that should be set .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  verifies that a select failed scenario should contain a good scenario .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  passing   null

test:  convert a datetime object to the number of times .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  validates and validation for dbinstance .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  checks   work
truth:  validate   a

test:  get the entry which should be applied to show an item which has the different language .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  if   dns
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if a and b are the same .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   elements

test:  returns a url that can be used to extract the given path .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check that all information are dynamic .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  to   try

test:  factory that is called after replacing the communication object .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  updates   signal
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify the given function x .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  returns the energy of x for the specified n .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  squared   lookup
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove all tables from the database by their associated table .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  modifies   null

test:  scan the system files for a given python modules or a list of files .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new new collection .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  return   server
truth:  create   a

test:  define a variable summary of histogram .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  null   start
truth:  attach   a

test:  transform a reference from a protocol .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  decorator for the keystoneclient and training class see f: a decorator for the training of the decorated class .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  create   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signal   httpd
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  download a beautifulsoup range and return a partial one .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  null   =
truth:  command   command

test:  returns true if the list looks like a list of strings .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   method

test:  make sure the text is cleared properly .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  update default configuration options for oslo .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  cached   security
truth:  default   default

test:  same as above .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  make sure we can load this file .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  make   null
truth:  files   files

test:  shows the date .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the name of the git revision .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  specified   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  command : command equals expr .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  hierarchical hierarchical .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  undo   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return osquery_flags information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   up
truth:  return   return

test:  use this decorator .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  use   get
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a dict of sample updates for participants of common sample updates .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  construct   null

test:  generates horner of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  to   transform
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  lash   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  return the current time in use .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the specified output contains n line .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  looks   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   findbugs
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  check filtering of a stack .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a string raises an exception if the vowel of a vowel with the overall pairs .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  reconstruct   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   new
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the app for the current thread .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  used   a
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default plot matches the input props[u'lineoffset'] .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  a simple replacement for the resource .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  to   hook

test:  split the leaf from a leaf into another leaf .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  splits   tuples
truth:  split   expression

test:  change password handler .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  null   email
truth:  password   password

test:  override this fails to the timeout of the remote host .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  override   override

test:  bump cache for shop cache for shop is not in case of shop is not given all shop is bumped .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  dont use some initial caching .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  clear   cache
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the actual btmp configuration file .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets value from json .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  fetch   try
truth:  return   return

test:  encode a bytes and returns the bytes .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  given   filter
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to modpath color from a python file .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  collects all root directories .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the expand hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert string to list of string acl swift feature string .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload in quoted-printable .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of resources owned by the source .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  returns the description of lines that have written content type .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert val to the mean .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  null   pull
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: rvm adds support for rvm rvm plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sloccount plugin <sloccount+plugin> .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the constraint .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  return   context
truth:  null   surface

test:  use this function to return a valid pony app .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  adds   default
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  run and return wrapping dicts: .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  subscribe the given tag list to the mailchimp device .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  update   atomic
truth:  given   null

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   tags

test:  check if the image is an image of a file or a file .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  group backend by backend type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  load   null
truth:  null   items

test:  create a user record for testing .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  view   view
truth:  null   null

test:  return the list of connection info .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the given explict object of the updated given .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the user model class appropriate for the given course .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  get   method
truth:  gets   null

test:  save configuration from get_remote_data .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  save   config
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the mulrowcol matrix .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  obtain   a
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  the pprint for all functions and end of the same object .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  code   pprint
truth:  base   pprint

test:  converts a scalar to a timedelta .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  check the periodical for packaging check on the given differing .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  object   null
truth:  if   null

test:  require an rpm package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  put a list of dev files into their mt .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  calculate   count
truth:  files   files

test:  get the skeinforge plugins directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run a lazy test .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  loads   volume
truth:  test   test

test:  get the uri of a uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns an iterator of subgraph that contains nodes in g .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  connected   generate

test:  process all templates and a list of templates .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  sample from dlmf 5 .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  handle   sample
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve all quotas for a quota class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  decorator for scrolled methods .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  null   method
truth:  function   function

test:  the entry point that the href will be replaced with the following statement .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test login/fakeviewfinder service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  extend 1 and final data in the given list of data .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  convert   indices
truth:  null   migration

test:  borrowed from the compound_statement logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add new email queue to email queue .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  adds   queues
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the number of seconds since the current checkout .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a first few handlers from the internal cleanup .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  remove   a

test:  exponential linear unit elements over given axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  value   null
truth:  return   x

test:  link to a bytestring object .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  use   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  returns the turan graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read filename and return its contents .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   file
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  measure location credentials for itself .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   images
truth:  migrate   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  surrounding   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  add a pool to a pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check all workers in the given worker .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  stop   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check if a marketing link is any of the given marketing names .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the description of a sequence .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  the pprint for the pprint .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  null   outputs
truth:  null   pprint

test:  returns the total ownership of the class with its total component .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with a major dots .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  use   test
truth:  test   test

test:  send virtual events to exit with a application .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  send   events
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that the named vm is running name the name of the cpu to running cpu cpu any of the cpu time cpu is running on the computenode cli example:
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  clone a vdi and clone it with the new one .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  evaluate   view
truth:  clones   a

test:  format message messages and roll error messages to vice device errors .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  build   create
truth:  to   method

test:  set a string in the html .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test disarmed disarmed characters with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  disarmed   test
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  sets the note that the history belongs to the history history .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  collects   categories
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an optiongroup parser object for an optparse parser group .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   resource

test:  runs the application .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  null   gunicorn_django
truth:  null   null

test:  set something local config .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   gl

test:  signal to update the from_file .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  set   a
truth:  to   null

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test position directly from a specific angle .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  -   insert
truth:  check   check

test:  check that the cookiecutter list exists .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  validate   helper
truth:  call   call

test:  guess the path for a package using the current platform .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  if   null

test:  marks the returned view mode .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a message delete confirmation message .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrap a test if condition is true .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  generate list of seqfeature with given guid and items .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a float to lux .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the line-search os client names and the user defined in unenrollment .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  return   export
truth:  provides   null

test:  verifies that a directory with this directory is provided .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check if a service is available on boot cli example: .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the line number from jinja error output .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  update variables stored in the environment variables .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  return   glob
truth:  if   check

test:  return a forward solution for a forward or quadratic timeseries .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  copy   outputs
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split the string into the default hosts .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  split   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  save a process to an existing thread .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  use   command
truth:  save   a

test:  calculate the uptime time for the requested displays .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  get   clicks
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  clean up link in text .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  cleans   s3
truth:  leading   remove

test:  given an image .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  test purging user using verify_user function .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  purging   test
truth:  purging   test

test:  returns a dict of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  given   a

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  generate a random asset asset .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  read ranges for all ranges in a workbook .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   read
truth:  named   read

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the latest release tag of the latest release .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  release   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a logrotate script for the given virtual script .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  function   a
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  helper function to reverse command across a reverse command .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vector3

test:  searches for a query on the first element in the sequence .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  search   search

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator for converting words on a class and a set of attributes .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  given   add
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only load this module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons reviewer reviewer .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  convert fontsize as a new linearoperator .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   font

test:  run breakpoint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  find   find

test:  returns a decorator that sets the extra function as well .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  set   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of groups the named user belongs to .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  get   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  run the all the tests from the command line .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns an image with the three three letter id .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  return   image
truth:  returns   image

test:  read in the string .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   a

test:  check whether the current node is valid .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  null   null
truth:  search   search

test:  delete a task with the given action .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  verify a sha containing the sha for a file .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   use

test:  a decorator that adds a single property decorator to a method of a class .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get decoding chain from a attempting .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   homepage
truth:  null   crud

test:  add plugins and the plugin .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   plugins

test:  returns a human-readable string used to count on a particular object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap two bytes in chunks .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  yield   counts
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the twitter catalog for the get request .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  get   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  make a average from a heading metric .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  generate   compute
truth:  create   create

test:  rotate polygon .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  rotates   coordinates
truth:  given   a

test:  collects the given host and return the hash .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  null   up
truth:  determine   null

test:  determine if a report is a list of metricspec patterns .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  return a set of possible locales which can be used by an argv module .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  given   a

test:  unserialize raw post data in urlencoded .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  retrieve   example
truth:  accept   accept

test:  gets the data for the named api .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a best guess for each payment payment .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transform a numpy array to be converted into a numpy array that represents an array that can be converted to a list of different view args: value: value: none .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  return   data
truth:  transform   a

test:  generator function that yields stats with stats .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a dns dns entries .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  enable the entity cache .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enable   return
truth:  enable   enable

test:  helper function for use as the appropriate argument .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  if   null
truth:  layout   layout

test:  set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property extra_args additional options for the pcs property extra_args additional options for the property extra_args additional options for the
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  creates the user for the email address .
truth: keep user . 
test:  detach   email
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a request method .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   method
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the current date .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get an aws account .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   null
truth:  account   account

test:  get a host string for a network .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct options for a specific node .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  strings" --> user[:passwd] .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  evaluate   factory
truth:  given   null

test:  find the candidates to use for this library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  find   exclude
truth:  to   null

test:  it should upgrade a dependency if it is not installed .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  if   null
truth:  does   null

test:  try to convert a dotted path to a dotted path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate and save the new and update .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   data
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  extract the language code at the language code .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   language

test:  setup the loop sensor .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  prints out the status of every status status .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if text is a boolean .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to wraps the menu method publish on your calls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  null   api
truth:  filtered   null

test:  convert the given file name to the octal name .
truth: using os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  using   os

test:  generate support for support library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  support   support
truth:  support   support

test:  the validation is valid .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator to connect to the documentation of a stack .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sets the request to the desired cookie .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  function   add
truth:  sets   a

test:  gets the maximum number of the data for the currently selected by the mutant .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  extract   try
truth:  extract   null

test:  filter from sequences and filters which may be met by otus sequences from a ora2 ora2 .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  filters   filters

test:  converts the db channel in json format to a json channel .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   method

test:  mark a test as keyword arguments .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  check   stop
truth:  null   keyword

test:  produce list of all the arrays and their attributes .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  destroy the floating ips by floating ips .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  destroy   a

test:  take a list of sorted where each item sizes is a sorted list of lists .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  given   a
truth:  array   array

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct reverse .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  djangos   djangos
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  get the dns targets .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  copy all file names into a list of strings .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  unicode   function
truth:  build   build

test:  build a list of files to split into a list of list of files .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns true if the staff staff has an wiki wiki .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a file system path to a path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup the demo alarm platform .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the latest downloadable metadata for the received repository and changeset the received repository up to the received repository and changeset up to the received repository metadata : boolean indicating
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of a normal element with a normal element .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  renders   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  rest controller for option lookups .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get all migration for a given instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  return true if the number is prime .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  takes   number

test:  *true* *true* if there are any different elements in seq .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a test instance from a file .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  convert   view
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the data from a vd .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  split an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  pull   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  decodes a rrq packet .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  fit dask array with a dask models .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   a
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  test that the preprocessing_fn routine is equivalent for the algorithm .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  quantize   a

test:  virtual everything on a list of exit .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  report   duplicates
truth:  uses   a

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   concatenation
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a list of objects .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  compare two strings in python 2 and returns true if stability is a list of strings containing all the files in the order .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the port status of a logical port .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  given   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the total number of seconds in a timedelta .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  resource endpoint handler .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   function
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  checks if the given args is a valid python function .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  return   return
truth:  like   like

test:  creates a new api service .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   create

test:  list pending entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   a
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  run   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  against the extra length as a model .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  give   data
truth:  handles   handles

test:  return a message .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  make sure the module is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   checks

test:  add any unicode variables to the multi-character table .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  string   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds all items in an predicate that match those in the sequence .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if and only if g is installed .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to determine the entire path .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  combines   null

test:  given a courses usage .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  =   converts
truth:  convert   course

test:  returns the multivariate polynomials in a multivariate polynomial f in k[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  returns   polynomials
truth:  compute   compute

test:  confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  load   work
truth:  confine   null

test:  install this package as tornado .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  install   install
truth:  set   set

test:  a decorator which translates a magic task into a magic width .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  adds   a

test:  open or create compressed cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   close
truth:  open   open

test:  return the container info for a container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   information

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  rolls   method
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  download   download

test:  execute a pem command .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  text   convenience
truth:  manage   null

test:  returns true if g is strongly regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular expression .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decode strategic data from nt sequence of nt bits .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install one or several packages .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   python

test:  converts a dict to a allocations dict .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  null   irreducibility
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a list of issubclass defined by django .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this is a nltk/ process to a student .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   optional

test:  return the authorized dashboard of the given stream as old .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  change   a
truth:  mark   mark

test:  test local abstractconv image with small dimensions .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  actually return numa topology and numa .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  extract   null

test:  validate the id of the id for today .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  performs numpy and last element of the element .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply a rule down to a rule .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  memoized   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the named grafana is absent .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  attempts to "guess" a draft for the given location .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  if   replace
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  returns timeline data based on stock ledger entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  check that the value is configured .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  function   cache
truth:  to   check

test:  produce and return the repositories .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate a search query for filtering and options from the given term .
truth: return query string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  query   query

test:  parse lists of key line and return value .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   lists
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse an annotated list of options and return a dictionary with all collected options .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  handles   find
truth:  parse   argv

test:  wait until an operation has been reached successfully .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  fires   a

test:  prints out which tabs items in the course is allowed .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  writes a given file to output output file .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  scan   input
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when one of the feature is longer than the remaining oulines .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   max

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  evaluate a term in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  add   add
truth:  subtract   null

test:  start a running off cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  do the color space conversion .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  check   a
truth:  maps   maps

test:  deletes an instance or subsection of the property .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   a

test:  get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   get

test:  try to get the profile from the registry .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   case

test:  sets a python list into a list of strings .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  patch   search
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  get   function
truth:  function   function

test:  pw the affine transformation in the image .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  applies   images
truth:  null   null

test:  return the line numbers that are in the line number of 1 .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  internal workflow operation to create an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  null   workflow
truth:  null   null

test:  display the unpause dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  a context manager that expects a zip zip file or a file or file or a file or file .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   a

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute connectivity connectivity for a previous_value_columns surface .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  find all tests in the given python source .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  find   find

test:  returns true/false whether a given value exists cli example: .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  view   view
truth:  default   default

test:  computes the euclidean distance between two vectors .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate a list of strings to a string .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  dont try to determine the elements of a list .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  list   list

test:  file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the admin key from the environment and output .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   consul

test:  marks the caches of the users oauth access control .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  destroys   null

test:  sets a translation matrix by a translation matrix .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   normalize
truth:  return   matrix

test:  get the info about the info dictionary and a photo .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  get   photo

test:  instantiate descriptor for the subproject_slug class .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  create   data
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  queues the opt-out email .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   queues
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank using random sampling .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  jaccard similarity score .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  null   metric
truth:  null   similarity

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  construct   url
truth:  given   a

test:  validate that the given string is valid .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  pull a new email to the remote server .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  account   request
truth:  runs   runs

test:  create an email address .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  write   insert
truth:  turns   a

test:  train model on :func:fetch_species_distributions .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  model   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a logic of csf into a single patterns .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  compute   a

test:  return an instance of a response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  given   response
truth:  return   return

test:  generates standard normal random variable of the given shape .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an accesserror .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  returns true if *obj* is a device .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   cuda

test:  get the elements of the each row .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  rules   files
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return a list of all the vms that are up to a named vm using the pass pass in .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  is user allowed to change owner or change owner owner .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  compare   user
truth:  is   user

test:  get pci device allocated by addr .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  modify the agent by creating a agent .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  show   a
truth:  existing   null

test:  returns a reset() instance for an object .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  produce   metadata
truth:  null   human

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is created .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize the bool as if necessary .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  password   build
truth:  parses   parses

test:  merge the packages into the oauth2 .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  open   helper
truth:  attempt   a

test:  return the url for an object .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list names across all possible names .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  set   groups
truth:  find   find

test:  helper method to set the instance and set it as satisfying .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return the logged in the user .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  match the given host and returns true if the host matches the given host .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  translate   port
truth:  host   host

test:  sets up a test user .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  require   a
truth:  create   create

test:  notify to notify to document .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  email   null
truth:  calls   a

test:  expand the list of all the process_request and returns them .
truth: version of node . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   version

test:  make an attribute on the local machine .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  replaces   method
truth:  function   function

test:  generate the data for a sample plot .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  index   index

test:  wrap a new certificate to an ssl_options certificate .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  processes   example
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  logs the celery settings for all registration .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  use   view
truth:  view   view

test:  rescale image by taking the scale axis .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  latex   null
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  writes a file list to disk .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  write   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the calendar for a calendar based on its entity .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  get   ids
truth:  convert   data

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  convert a buffer to a buffer .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  bytes   convert
truth:  build   build

test:  pads a sequence with structured elements .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pads   group
truth:  null   sequence

test:  merge multiple errors and sort from an error output error .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  merges   merge
truth:  errors   errors

test:  find all correlation coefficient .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  wrap the given row in the given column .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  use   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of the elements in expr .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  looks   i
truth:  to   helper

test:  try to get the first rms of data .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check that score can be valid .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  check   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  common code .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  convert   polygon
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the categorical crossentropy between two categorical .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  output   crossentropy
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  validate that a partition and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generic t-confint to save typing .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  start a wsgi application .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  starts   start
truth:  error   error

test:  elementwise exponential function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  get more info as more module for log and log .
truth: adds site . 
test:  return   return
truth:  adds   site

test:  helper function for video periodogram .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  null   part
truth:  null   product

test:  converts an arbitrary image into a base 85 .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  helper function to get the torrent seeds from the given torrent .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  calls   connection
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of information about all the table names .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes an iterable of pages and returns a list of pages .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  install pexpect .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  docstring   current
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return netstat routing information for states cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  returns a page page from the page classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  context manager that ignores all of the current context .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  test   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  copies the object from the search_service_pb to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  source   categories
truth:  index   index

test:  get the comparison between the short and the open filename .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  returns   none
truth:  return   a

test:  factory for filesystem .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  make   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the oauth2 authentication auth is configured in credentials .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  configures   info
truth:  set   set

test:  merge list .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check a module-level action with wrapper .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  perform   check
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  determines if a package contains a working modules or a specific module .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  discover   discover

test:  skip test if internalhash is true .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   test
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return the open comment header .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  evaluate   return
truth:  string   string

test:  test downloads process with a test .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  a diagonalization - designed to be errors with a errors .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  existing   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if two expressions are equal .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  compares   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  helper method to add ssh public public key to an ssh public key .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  create a join" for a file .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  copy   create
truth:  create   a

test:  serve serve page .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  get   display
truth:  show   show

test:  decode unicode text .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  reads   replace
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   attempts
truth:  deduce   null

test:  computes a min_step dstart .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensures that a file with a file exists .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve a path to the backward compatibility for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a unicode string if it is not already one .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  convert   a

test:  test max and relative values in same xml .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tuple of individual modules defined in the current format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  code returns a port returns a number .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  related   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a variable behaves like a valid python string .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  wrapper around currency .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  format   decimal

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove user the user to run on .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  wrapper that should be used for standard means of negative means of negative .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  validate   runs
truth:  validate   validate

test:  show the first file from the specified file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  redirects redirects to classes .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  update   display
truth:  view   view

test:  mark a function or method as unsafe:: @unsafe returns true .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  marks   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  return true if file is a coming file .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  return   class
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  verifies the certificate in the given certificate name the name of the certificate to expiry file the certificate to expiry in the certificate .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  specified   add
truth:  return   return

test:  add color messages to the terminal .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  print   msg
truth:  prints   prints

test:  compute the freedman bins of a given array .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a manager instance for a given type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  extract a dictionary from a key/value pair of key/value pairs .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  turns   unpack
truth:  navigate   data

test:  get a dictionary of users of user attributes .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  default   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the area of the first select and/or depth .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   a

test:  delete keyword .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  makes   delete
truth:  get   a

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a list of version models .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  does   return
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  routes to auto_auth .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   everything
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  check version of the version .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  convert a registry keys or supply .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the raw output of a given string .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  output   output
truth:  modified   display

test:  asserts that first is acceptable .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a string representing a time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extended euclidean algorithm in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  exclude the home directory path .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  traverse   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches all open threads of the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  open   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  verify replacing base classes also restore a metaclass .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  define   search
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator for test functions .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  wrapper around c_init that allows __init__ .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  initialize   volume
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a catalog by id .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  a convenience method to check the status of a remote topic .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  call   a
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  calculate all sandwich results for a cluster covariance matrix parameters sandwich : symbolic .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  null   jclouds
truth:  null   cluster

test:  return true if mode is from a socket special device file .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  searches the string for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  check for viewdef discovery .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  load   view
truth:  query   query

test:  restful crud controller - could be allowed to just used for searching for people by skill .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   resource

test:  warn the message .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  null   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  lists the users home directory .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  spartist <keyword> -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  walk the vdi chain .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  create a tracked files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a generator that can be used as a set of any strings that represent the given property .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   a

test:  sends push push to new subscription .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  build a list of an archive into a directory .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  returns the group id for the group .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns ip address .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  socket   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copies document to a relative document .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  match   updates
truth:  document   document

test:  list users cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  match a file with the given name .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parses arguments from command-line .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  behave   a
truth:  build   build

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  returns true if the given virtual address is a older b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  return the inverse of the elements in an array .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  returns   searches
truth:  finds   null

test:  finder can accept a list of urls for a test .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  null   test
truth:  check   check

test:  retrieve all roles available to member .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   type
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the repository and get the identifier for this like .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   one

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  shows the current user as an {% blocktrans user %} {% blocktrans blocktrans or {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user %} if %} .
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   example

test:  separate the data from the interface to a section of the master .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  takes   data
truth:  show   show

test:  enable concurrency checks .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  replaces   state
truth:  enable   enable

test:  format a list of signature signature as a string .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  format   format
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the path to the current script for a script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the markdown notebook that can be stored in a different notebook strings .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  normalize crash statistics to a file .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   metagenomeseqs
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  return the error function that runs this python process .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  makes   error
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tag a new tag for a new tag .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  changes   version
truth:  specified   tag

test:  encode path directly as a unicode string .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  replaces   unicode_data
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates provided resource views on the provided package .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor univariate polynomials over algebraic number fields .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   polynomials
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  retrieve an rpc schema for the given schema and async .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  find   show
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if the currently installed site has associated with associated site .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a list of numbers of dask objects into a list of objects .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   python

test:  test table for a column .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  add   test
truth:  test   test

test:  validate a string .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  text   validate
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns a decorator that maps recorded on a specific bottom of size to a specific record .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  returns an install model .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an expression with new type in graph and subs .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  replace   copy
truth:  substitute   values

test:  this view is called by an event .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  null   view
truth:  noop   noop

test:  compile the arguments according to the astropy function .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  takes   args

test:  recursively delete memory log files .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get skeinforge plugin plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  interpret   skeinforge
truth:  get   meta

test:  same as grading_context .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  execute   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_orientation works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  to   lists
truth:  to   check

test:  get shaft vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  apply the vagrant environment to a sequence of arguments .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  unpause the os x and check its status .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  resume   function
truth:  resume   resume

test:  parse the format spec .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  string   string

test:  returns the spacing matrix to display in the fitting .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  forces   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  try to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  look   a
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  decorator for methods:: which is used on subsequent matching arguments .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  to   validate
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   linodes

test:  a fake segments for interactive .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  joins   accept
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if the given url is html by the user .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   sequence

test:  convert a column name to a valid column name .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a paragraph of text to a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary number of indentation to make it .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   indent
truth:  normalize   a

test:  skip a test if matplotlib is not available .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skips   a

test:  flip points horizontally .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  grabs   null
truth:  order   order

test:  list all libraries libraries .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  to   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return useful representation of a trace .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  calculate   elements
truth:  return   return

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  server   display
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  get all group types for given type .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   group
truth:  get   get

test:  equalize an image into a numpy image .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   image
truth:  return   image

test:  set a cache entry as requested by the cache .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  sanitizes string value to base64 and encodes it using base64 .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compresses   a

test:  returns a short for a key .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  create the pid for the given pid .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  create   directory
truth:  creates   pid

test:  initialise the vagrant configuration .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  show   get
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check a volume group .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  initialize issue counts counts for the issue in the request .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initialize   request
truth:  initializes   null

test:  makes the number of bits required to render .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  null   tuple
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the top of a month within a top of the top .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  get   null
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  confine this module to windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  load   work
truth:  works   works

test:  returns a nested tree that is a nested tree for a given tree of nodes .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  stop   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  handle tool help do not import files .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  url   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  tests that the gp_generation publicly need to be safely safely safely need to be same as they appear in .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  verify   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  local import a watcher or a branch directory .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  turn   import
truth:  run   run

test:  check if a path is a symlink this is a supported on windows vista or later .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  copy a file .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  copy   files
truth:  replace   replace

test:  context manager to temporarily execute the code on sys .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  docstring   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all the defined migration .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  return the html html .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  returns   run
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a backup for all given collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  name   a
truth:  create   a

test:  try to login the login view .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  url   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  build all instance requests for instance .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  grabs   a
truth:  returns   up

test:  test plot .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  plot   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return a filter that return whether a cg has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate __init__ file paths .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  parses timestamp and turns them into interval .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  input   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes a network network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional basic model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   back
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   template
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url this one uses wcs .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return all instructor tasks of given course tasks .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  generates a list of columns from a square matrix .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  makes   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  constructs a decorators for a os/2 .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  given a dictionary mapping .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  configure the database to be created on a given cheatsheet .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  take   a
truth:  configure   a

test:  task wrapper for api .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  deprecated   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a function to create an existing profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  create   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get one figure .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new temporary file descriptor .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new xor cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure that line is running .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  get the recommendation which are struct_declarator_list by the given topic .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  try to retrieve data from the database .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   in

test:  run an xml optimizer .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  save   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return all dictionaries of properties in dict .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  raise   return
truth:  return   a

test:  wait until a variable has completed successfully .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate by weeks .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   datetime
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get a polygon of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   nothing
truth:  get   get

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  sends   details
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  geometric regression difference .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats a string to make it usable by the locale name .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  makes the input data for the duration of a list passed .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  interpret   send
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on log handlers and associated it to the signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  send an email with the provided form .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  send   schedule
truth:  send   a

test:  null test case this works even where the python interpreter was tested .
truth: if a . 
test:  issue   test
truth:  if   a

test:  validates that value is a positive type or zero .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  asserts that the missing microversion header of the microversion header this should be port .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  null   setting
truth:  log   a

test:  update the cohort to default .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  formatting   layer
truth:  emits   a

test:  handle the intersection of conflict at a given line .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  return   admin
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the resource by id and value .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  value   value

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  consider an skycoord autotagging autotagging a new representation .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  the handler function block using the handler on the given request and return the handler .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   a

test:  create the app app .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  find if columns is unique .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  verify   find
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a ipv6 address into its input .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test that the strict is shown .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  end   like
truth:  end   end

test:  fixture that provides a blob that is valid in the test .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  connect a new server to a tunnel .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  instantiate   course
truth:  function   function

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check to see if a file exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   check

test:  upload files to a folder and upload it to the folder .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in __version__ .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  encrypts an encrypted varblock varblock of a bigfile file .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  prints additional information for the additional content .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   like
truth:  print   a

test:  formats a relative time string as a fixed datetime .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the number of cpu cpus in the system (same as os .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns if a function is decreasing or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts yaml statement list into a list of c{f} .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  list   list

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   add

test:  slices off a proportion from one end of the passed array distribution .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  slices   slices

test:  wraps a python object to add a method on a python object .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  use this fixes the class to find a method in a method that is configurable as a method .
truth: create a property . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  redirects to the common methods to referrer .
truth: takes request . 
test:  default   null
truth:  request   request

test:  we receive a 404 page .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  null   custom

test:  use this decorator to render the replacement of a template by flask application to render the proxy class .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  read a session file and return it as a byte string .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   load

test:  get a paginator .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  null   download
truth:  get   a

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  use   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  strips information about info .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  locate   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  returns whether the directory is an os dir .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  shutdown the specified dns zone .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  return   a
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - instantaneous trendline .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses the timestamp from a timestamp into a python datetime object .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  provides a cloud exception for the given process .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   method

test:  use this function to verify a relayiplist signature .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  proposed 3d vertex of data onto the linear polynomial given the value of the minimums function .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  change   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test a multipart upload upload .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the number of non-zero issues in the currently developed .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  running   a
truth:  null   quotient

test:  test if a string is an int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a filter to convert a fk matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  computes   sphere
truth:  null   null

test:  perform the oauth2 dance .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  tries to determine the date for a field .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  get   get

test:  list the job .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  add   wrapper
truth:  add   a

test:  import the given dimension .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  import   a
truth:  move   move

test:  writes a corpus of all corpus .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns an absolute url for a given file .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list installed plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return the path to the conf location .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  test   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a repository and send its contents to an existing tag .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  get   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  given a clsid class .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the directory path .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  return   change
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the text of a multiline space or a maximum of text characters .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  null   null

test:  performs a request request .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   in

test:  retrieve runner from the given timeout object .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  make   a

test:  get a updater updater based on the sha1 .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  is   target
truth:  return   a

test:  create running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  function   create
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if path belongs to prefix .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  plot the image and mcmc .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   traces

test:  this function simply the reference that was on the currently installed: .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  open   open

test:  given a url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  get all data for a given recognized .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix keys .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   template
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a queryset of reference to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  create the menu class for the given instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  return   use
truth:  returns   a

test:  switch the type a type to a type .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  the binary representation of the file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  you might want to dynamically add new document .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  test   a
truth:  serializing   null

test:  local total seconds for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   python

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 [id|name] .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : deposit_type : rate:% .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create a new stonith stonith adapter with the name of the stonith resource cibfile use for the stonith cib .
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   cherrypy
truth:  is   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  plot the results of a figure .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  find   a
truth:  show   images

test:  method to get the permalink ids from content .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  null   method
truth:  get   get

test:  create a task object .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  load a shove and train it into a dataset .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  write   pylint
truth:  executes   null

test:  test instsource table in row spaces .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return a list of all known services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of service that are enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure an event is not in the given events .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  trigger   event
truth:  null   null

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   current

test:  runs the application as an application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  code   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  returns c{true} if we are running on a debug module .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether the user can access the given course .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  test certain count of core .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   asserts
truth:  assert   assert

test:  this is a named argument to call this function on the data passed into the supplied data type .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  print   print

test:  simple utility to check preload a preload is valid .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  function   check
truth:  if   check

test:  instantiate and return class by id .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  null   search
truth:  modify   methods

test:  filter otu table to connected table .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  filter   filter
truth:  filter   otu

test:  gprs release section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  translates   request
truth:  null   null

test:  load dictionary of data from a frame .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   reading
truth:  load   a

test:  throws the given project as valid .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  ensure   null

test:  takes a list of api version and returns a valid api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return installed packages .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  server   python
truth:  get   get

test:  this should be called on a module to ensure that an exception fails .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  test   null
truth:  using   null

test:  creates a new .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  create   a
truth:  post   post

test:  compute the series inversion of the series inversion examples .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  null   urlparse
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  expects a string to the system with the specified path .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  load   return
truth:  define   a

test:  return the storage repository given a path and the path to our storage repository .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  power the rabbitmq status code to the specified configuration .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  request   power

test:  a damped wrapper around hours .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  echo   information
truth:  is   null

test:  return the topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with all the user attributes and values as contact .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the name of the next representation of the next tag .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  render   text
truth:  return   return

test:  patch launched .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  call   call

test:  get the application id for this ec2 id .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine the url that a value that may be considered .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  token   token

test:  context manager to delete a value from a temporary value .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check for profitbricks configs .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  check   up
truth:  check   check

test:  print a list of responses .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  see   a
truth:  see   null

test:  tests to ensure that hugs type correctly handles a dictionary .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  checks for date and returns true/false if all unary_expression are not set .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  function   check
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns true if i should be treated .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  null   label
truth:  ensure   null

test:  execute the given flags .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  read   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decodes a raw base64 bit to raw format .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  check whether the mailchimp list in the mailchimp list is valid and can be used internally to check the log for other lists .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return the version of the named server cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of new-style apps defined in the given module .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  import   import

test:  records a user has seen to the given user .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  subscribes   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the pwd_hash and salt from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  returns list of language codes .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  create the uninitialized tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  take the cache value of a cache setting .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  detect terminal size and return tuple = .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  detect   -
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  convert a color components to a decimal value .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  walks   a

test:  check to see if we can import this module .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  run a command and issues the output .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  call   a

test:  create an elementtree document .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of order .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  validates the given arguments against an parameters .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   null

test:  delete instance_type information from a prefix based on prefix .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   instance_type
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  initialize the current process and xenapi it to the given logger .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  try to expand the given path and expands it to the try try and return the sorted sequence .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  take   expand
truth:  returns   a

test:  draw a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  table that parsing works by humans .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  text   test
truth:  read   read

test:  import a module in the given name .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  find   find
truth:  null   null

test:  load a template from a template .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   templates

test:  checks the name of all field .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the gaussian mean of a gaussian mean .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  null   p
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  given a course and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  updating   location

test:  collect all attributes of containers in a transaction .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   add
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create complete html page with the complete html .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  sign data using a json encoded string .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  compute   data
truth:  null   mac

test:  adds a global symbol to the controller controller .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  execute   null

test:  registers the user .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  register   callback
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  returns the logged of a user .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  shut down the feature usage: .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  stop   agent
truth:  shut   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  text   text

test:  a derivative format with a format that the format is less than 0 at the account .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  setting   signals
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a new channels object that is ready to be used as a copy of the given channel .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  do   null

test:  a context manager to mock a fake block .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  use   helper
truth:  context   manager

test:  check if node is an subscription on a node .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  add   nodes
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns the notification type for the given user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a temp directory .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format a block of characters to a block with a single _ .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  return the cache class for cache if cache is none .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  copy   cache
truth:  create   create

test:  load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the version from ini file .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  given   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the string representation of the content of the arrays .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get metadata for the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  retrieve   metadata
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load this module if the blockdev utility is installed .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  check   load
truth:  work   work

test:  update a hierarchy hierarchy that is first editable in the country .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  initialize all globals as globals in easy_install .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  init   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the group and path to the group .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the short seconds for raw seconds .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  return   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  unregister an email hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   send
truth:  unregister   null

test:  encode a property for a given field .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all available sizes .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the name of the plugin associated with the given name .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  update   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  this function needs to be skipped .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  mark   method
truth:  mark   method

test:  get the keyring keyring keyring .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  iterates   connect
truth:  is   keyring

test:  note: must be inside an index tree .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  create   delete
truth:  slices   slices

test:  fixture to initialize a post expression into the given expressions .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  toggle the state of admin widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  handle   help
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  takes a subsection grade and returns an event object generated by a subsection grade .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  null   function
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  format help help entry .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check filter_words : words of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  update why why why why why entries are no being created .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding for reading .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  waits for the service to be available .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  block worker(s) to open the server at the bottom via defines .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  try to figure out the versions of ipython .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  get   versions
truth:  get   version

test:  copy data from one dict to another .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : expr lt expr | expr le expr | expr times numlist | expr ge expr | expr lt expr | expr ne expr | expr gt expr |
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   null

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  removes accents from a string .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  removes   strip
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  add f to f in k[x] .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin --> a d e b f c .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   null
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  clean a filename into .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  format the status for a github status .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  if   a
truth:  format   a

test:  wrapper to apply an s3 service to a cache .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  builds   requests
truth:  is   null

test:  return a sharedvariable expression for following the following follow statistics .
truth: add i . 
test:  null   usage
truth:  add   i

test:  encode a range range range(port_max & ~ .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  helper function wraps helper function .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  given   null
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  iterator   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  a view decorator that maps page to a response .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  executes   log
truth:  null   null

test:  return the currently active module .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  function   form
truth:  module   module

test:  decode a root node into a root of the given root node .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  create   in
truth:  url   url

test:  returns true if provided address is a valid ipv6 address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  test reading a bad delimiter with a bad delimiter .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  reading   html
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test _release_info() .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns whether shape of a gpio is made by a sympy expression .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  color   a
truth:  function   function

test:  compresses a string to a given value .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  function   function

test:  run tests in the format:: process .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  return consistent chart chart using a sequence of twisted .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert id to real or numpy array .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   real
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  tests that the structure of samples are binary and is binary for binary 6 .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  ensure the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove users files to remove .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  check whether a phone specific specific carrier is the same codes in the region .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  check   check
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if path can be a hexidecimal type .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  replace a hostname or a hostname with a hostname .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  has   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  destroys a vm record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   a
truth:  destroys   a

test:  pick data from auxiliary channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   pick

test:  always returns none .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  null   function
truth:  do   null

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  detaches a new virtual disk to the bus with label .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  builds   crud
truth:  function   function

test:  copy data and create create temporary directory .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  creates a new keyczar with web .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  perform   summary
truth:  null   method

test:  print info about some info in a record .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  prints   get
truth:  null   column

test:  return the portaudio version of the portaudio .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  null   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if we can check the given predicates .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  expand the entire function into a list of entries .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  ensure that the retries preferred plugins is saved in retries .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  code   working
truth:  null   contexts

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generates unique elements .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  generate   routine
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a message .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  get   warning
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  only load if grafana is installed .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   virtual
truth:  return   statistics

test:  runs the modules in settings .
truth: execute app . 
test:  find   application
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull out the minion references in the minion datastore cli example: .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  pull   salt
truth:  pull   salt

test:  check that the given token matches the given criteria .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  function   setuptools
truth:  if   checks

test:  removes a users episodes from the database .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  deletes   contacts
truth:  remove   a

test:  fetch an lyricswiki widget .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  get   data
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  use netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  use   section
truth:  use   threads

test:  returns a set of recipients addresses for the given review request .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  fail unless the actual directories of the given package contains all the expected_paths that the given package contains the given package that contains all the given package .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  if   test
truth:  fail   null

test:  checks if the given logger is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  generate a task id .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  -   -

test:  returns the item from a list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  check   a
truth:  count   count

test:  create and initialize a adagrad .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  mimic   null
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt3 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display whether time is on or off :return: a string representing the current time time :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  display   display
truth:  get   get

test:  load a commits client from the given path .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  loads   lists
truth:  parse   a

test:  updates an existing dashboard .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  hides   updates
truth:  terminate   null

test:  deletes a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  delete   spacing
truth:  deletes   null

test:  sample warnquota of a int_0^oo of a defined term .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  null   count
truth:  computes   null

test:  create a new repo instance .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  command   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  fetch the given url and return the given function/class url .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  apply 2d array of hints by applying a sparse matrix .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  output   output

test:  do we can deleted deleted .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  if   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  install setuptools .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  downloads   example
truth:  to   setup

test:  returns a module object for a package .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  null   searches
truth:  return   a

test:  this function performs the recurse functions .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  take   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  duplicate   view
truth:  handle   a

test:  use show version .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  use   information
truth:  show   show

test:  load a zip file path and return a zip path relative to zip file .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  load   null
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  attach a block storage volume name to an already so that the volume is running .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  new usercontributionsmodel is an existing datastore .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  save   null
truth:  commits   a

test:  generate a callback for this system .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  wait   helper
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a snapshot snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  create   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  check if some possible .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  given   cast
truth:  sort   sort

test:  callback to set nodes in nodes .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  return   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  sort an item by values .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  sort   items
truth:  sorted   get

test:  clears the package from the tracker .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return the name of the graph .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  like   a
truth:  add   a

test:  given a compiler .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  prints out the user in the locale .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  null   find
truth:  prompt   users

test:  common implementation of the intervals for logging .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  get   attempts
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  get current track .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  return the name of an instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  recursively generate nodes inferred by each of the statement in a statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  return   method
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to get the actual run for the order of their where: record .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of subnets to which the host belongs cli example: .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generates a gradient of polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  push   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tell the reverse method is a list or a list of numbers .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  apply a chain of its given expression into an iterable .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  compose   a

test:  creates an index on a single column .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  require   lists
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a string of the host .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  join   port
truth:  turns   null

test:  calendar calendar of a given audio interface .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  context   generator
truth:  opens   a

test:  return the language-code thats defined in the language code .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  saves configuration file to json .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   configuration

test:  calculate the precision correlation coefficient for the given log .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  evaluate   compute
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  create a test suite for the gdal tests .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  null   blocks
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual access string .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the preferred time zone .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  consume   null
truth:  send   send

test:  the test method and return a mock config object .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  stubs   fixture
truth:  patch   patch

test:  determine if the received repository is installed and changeset is empty .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  configure fw storage options with remote connections .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  use   apply
truth:  set   set

test:  docstring for numpy .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  computes the bayesian information criterion assuming that the bayesian value is the bayesian information from a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get boolean series on python 2 .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  null   network
truth:  null   classes

test:  compile a file .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  does   null

test:  parse the ip address for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  converts a bunch given as json array into a json array .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  write   read
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns a reference which is an integer .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  load a resource from its name .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  load   a
truth:  file   file

test:  decorator that balongs a method as input default .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a backup by id or backup id .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   generator
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  log a scheduled process .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generates a reference to the http_x_real_ip .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  adjust   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  generates numpy array of numpy numbers .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  converts a table to an integer according to the local one .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read the given page from the given truth .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  ignores   download
truth:  read   read

test:  get the configured connection and their status code .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  get   a

test:  get metadef object or raise if namespace or object doesnt exist .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  makes a sample from sample .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  deletes an external router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  sets the python version for the current database_engine setting .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  getrandominteger:long return true if a random number is a ldap n-bit .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this visual function make sure that the enrolled function is installed in the required .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  null   display
truth:  to   factory

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a service that will be used internally to create a new cache .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  returns   wheels
truth:  am   am

test:  print a message to stderr and stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  called   print
truth:  prints   a

test:  parses exponent source file .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  end   end

test:  convert a sequence of sequences to a single string .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  take   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  fail the test unless the message is true .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  create a new working service object with the specified configuration in the supplied configuration file name and return a dict .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  test   helper

test:  convert the value into an int .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  make or set the radial ticklines for a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  given 2 and the country code .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  given   null

test:  transfer a file from the master and returns the content path .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns true if the specified events can be created with a resolver .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  to   changes

test:  decorator that will force all tables .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  to   null
truth:  force   force

test:  takes a string and returns a tty .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  converts   print
truth:  string   string

test:  set the global point registry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  sets   record
truth:  set   set

test:  check to see if pandas is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  function   function

test:  call -> 0 run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  null   command
truth:  command   command

test:  ecdf values along an array of values .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if an arch linux package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  add words to input .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  add   new
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check if the given region is valid .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  makes   sys
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  simple function to simple 180 timeout : 180 timeout : 180 timeout for the webapp context path webapp timeout : 180 timeout for the server manager webapp timeout .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  -   start
truth:  command   command

test:  setup the neato sensor .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the number of bytes required to serialize a message .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  ensures   split
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns file items in a given path .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  look   a
truth:  returns   items

test:  deletes any cached readily from the senderkey .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  imports   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  load this state if the win_lgpo module exists in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  view function to get a list of page missing page .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a new stroke object .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  group sums by name .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  null   return
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos in the given map to the given map .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  check that a file or a directory contains an nse nse .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validate   service
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tanh activation function .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   activation
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  calculate the peaks corner within given image .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  create   threshold
truth:  find   corners

test:  given a parameter object .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  attributes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an umc module object prepared for editing an existing entry .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  filter   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the provided or created with the provided created .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  add   null
truth:  update   update

test:  make function that celery celery results .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator that activates that the decorated function by the arguments of a test .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  starts   decorator
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing area update request section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  p   calculate
truth:  routing   area

test:  load a file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  implement the dictionaries of a file from a filename .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  name   a
truth:  null   method

test:  reads the docker-compose file .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different different different output .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  a version of 'merge' .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator that ensures that a method is closed in the repo .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disconnect receiver weak from signal handlers .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  disconnect   a
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   sys
truth:  testing   sys

test:  calculates the list of numbers for numbers contained in each dictionary of numbers .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  create   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  a decorator which defines a function and a function .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  define   function
truth:  mark   a

test:  list hypervisors versions .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   keypair
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  replace the given version string with the given version .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  create   a

test:  revision check check .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  restore   redis
truth:  get   current

test:  takes a table of table indices .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   table

test:  command : next id lparen id rparen equals expr .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if path is absolute .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the remaining edge pair of a edge mesh .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  construct a list of command-line arguments .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  take   searches
truth:  null   null

test:  create a volume type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ban user and cleanup submissions .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   page

test:  return mapping of usernames based on usernames .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  username   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  check the given actual codes against expected contents .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  check   json
truth:  check   check

test:  a test for an issue .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  reads a message from a file .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a list of flagged templates .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  null   a
truth:  focused   user

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  formats the billedopprotos for display to a string .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  formats   a

test:  yaml: build-publisher this plugin merges intf results in intf .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  setup   network
truth:  run   run

test:  draw a random integer from the state given the state .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  create a url string from a endpoint .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string into a decimal .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  standard log .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   message
truth:  log   log

test:  returns a list of largest elements of the graph g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate root site for matching the given url .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a new datastore to the datastore .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  make   a
truth:  access   access

test:  initial callback - invoked after the server sends us its greet message .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  if   logs
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  return true if the variable is undefined .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  return   check
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  convert a time string into a time .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  translate   time
truth:  converts   a

test:  require that the decorated function is used for authentication with a wrapped function applied to generate a translations .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  include a list of directories in a directory .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  include   include
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the number of permutations of the singular associated with the external character .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  if   null
truth:  see   null

test:  helper to get/create a new tp .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  require   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  embed an image into the given album file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   create
truth:  embed   album

test:  convert a date into a date .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   target
truth:  convert   argument

test:  list nat rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  does the linux attribute contain the linux distribution .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sine function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  null   propagation

test:  converts a list of fields to a dictionary of fields for a given model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the active steps for each time as string .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  find   implements
truth:  did   null

test:  convert a pandas dirname to the corresponding date value .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   a

test:  return a valid directory to use inside the dump file .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  doing   directory
truth:  return   return

test:  parses an http authentication basic credentials using http calls .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  test grammar option raises bad .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  check   assert
truth:  null   attrs

test:  returns true if there is a host and tk tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the object is a valid python implementation .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  if the environment variable is available .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   up

test:  create an array of cyclic successive string .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  view all public data from grid .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  deletes   file
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a list of language info from a source file .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  null   a
truth:  obtain   a

test:  returns the simplified mapping for the given xml definition .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  name   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  validator for a dict/multidict .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  confirm   lists
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   page

test:  convert the given source value to a new http:// .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  adds a new kernel to the bootloader .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are up to modify and also pass if you want to modify it on none .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   request
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree in which match the trees in the trees .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to find the again with the given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   find
truth:  handle   handle

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator to skip test that attempts to run an object .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure an apache module is present .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  ensure   update
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a short .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  replace explicit space separated by their appropriate comma .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   one

test:  wrapper to configurable to auto_auth on the system .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   tool

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets up the config file for the test .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the path to the ico' data .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  return   reading
truth:  return   return

test:  decompress iterator on iterator of stream .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  yield   filter
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  create a matplotlib connection to a panel-like boxes .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  record   record

test:  execute the wsgi application .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  create   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get all deleted int for the provided instance_uuids .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  get   fetch
truth:  return   a

test:  verify that the cases argument is a global gui .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  use   null
truth:  null   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  imports   load
truth:  import   a

test:  check if we are mounted on device .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  setup   utility
truth:  callback   callback

test:  restores restores tags from the database tags and restore original tags .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  vms   null
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  try to decode sys .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  replace   sys
truth:  decode   a

test:  get a repository and dates for the current repository .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  get   worksheet
truth:  if   null

test:  a wrapper to synchronized that allows us to be run at the requested prefix .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  lock   following
truth:  object   object

test:  runs ctc loss algorithm on each element of the cross-entropy .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  call   ctc
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  return a list of available keyring cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  returns   redirects
truth:  list   list

test:  change the users home phone cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  wraps a param in a hough socket .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all files on the container .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return the current tarball and removing memory .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   current

test:  returns the disk size for the linode .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  get   disk
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a number .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a list of yaml strings into a w2p structure .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  show config on mac os .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   list
truth:  return   a

test:  set all the folders under the folder id and folders inside the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a response .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   response

test:  cast x to "03" .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  casts   x
truth:  cast   cast

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit 32 .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  delete an existing container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  object   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  converts an internationalized resource identifier to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for a condition to become a condition .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  check to see if the system has not installed .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  stop   queries
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  provide arguments for construction of strings .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  to   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  decorator that performs the decorated method and unpickle the result is that has a dummy variable name that may be converted to a class .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password data using the specified password and sign it .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the full folders to use in a network view .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve the document and check the proper permission and removing the provided permission .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  lists all existing packages cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   null

test:  writes the given data to a file .
truth: write out data . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator factory for scrolled handlers .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  create   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  groups tokens that have that require an groups of tokens .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  extends   a
truth:  null   groups

test:  create a model class with the given decorated model and use this is a good model class .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: openshift-deployer this plugin allows the build plugin on the build with a trend privilege and job status .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a key into binary representation .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  expr : integer | float .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  expr   expr

test:  round a value that returns the value for a precision .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  to   value
truth:  round   round

test:  remove an expression from a previous expression .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  recursive function for np .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  null   version
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the given code code at the given word .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  generate   like
truth:  code   code

test:  convert an xml string to a flow id .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  support   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets an open rollback rollback .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  get   get

test:  append an entity type to the database .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  removes   calls
truth:  call   call

test:  compute evoked data as seen by welchs average .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   credentials
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  generate a gradient with a circle screensize colors .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  calculate   distance
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a list of nodes that are functional nodes in g .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns an http url that can be passed to the given token .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse an openid response .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return information to a specific data store .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  function   load
truth:  return   data

test:  find the longest tree with the given prefix .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the ip address contained within the request .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  context   null
truth:  fills   in

test:  get list of notifications for every modules .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  null   notifications

test:  check that sees is protected by :ref:windows } .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert a pil/pillow image into a floats .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  promote   im1

test:  left is a list .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  is   null

test:  disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  activate   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat dictionary .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  raise resourcedenied if the resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker plugin plugin .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  skip   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if the url is an ssh os x .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test that selectionchanged is not a scalar type .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  loading   loading

test:  performs a uri given a model and a string .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  transform legacy uri into *uri* .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  determine   line
truth:  transform   a

test:  check the final bug bug .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  wrapper around detrend .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   y
truth:  return   x

test:  get information about the docker clientdef .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  get   page
truth:  returns   a

test:  unless the reader should give the same way as the c reader if the fast covariance of the c reader .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   helper
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  updates art for an exception .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  return   art

test:  test that a root view round round to a root view and that its not yet .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  determine whether the formatted difference between 0 and [lat .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  selects   distance
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns class by name .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  given   a
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  convert a "surrogateescape" property to a real property .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a function with a custom creation of a variable which may yet be stored in a custom variable .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: color .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  determine whether the user can delete an addon on the review .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if we can connect to an open network error .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  use   return
truth:  to   try

test:  return the number of workers that need to use for the config file .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current terminal .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  return   a
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  custom analyze analyze .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   title
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a new two exits to and from the two rooms .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   new
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the fib if num is any .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   method

test:  remove the xml element .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  replace   csv
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return the current uuid .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a simple instance of a given type with a simple sequences .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  send   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of all firewall in the virtual machine .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  get   port
truth:  create   network

test:  set the given properties on an image and update it .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  update   create
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  clear the instances of the returned event .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  inspect   a
truth:  existing   list

test:  get the return only the currently versions by the nested proportions .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   media
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate the b-spline of a b-spline .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  find   long
truth:  find   find

test:  write the metadata to the load and image .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  write   parameters
truth:  enrich   null

test:  remove the string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return an album object containing all plugins stored in a given plugin .
truth: as above . 
test:  create   find
truth:  null   null

test:  get media list the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  indicates   media
truth:  get   media

test:  return a list of module names from a filename or a list of names .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  determine a list of all pids on windows .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  tuple   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a binary .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   services

test:  test that batchnormalizedmlp performs a single vector behaves the same column of the x and x .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   wether

test:  convert individual index to integer .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  time   append
truth:  replace   series

test:  hashes prefixes so that it is used in the unit .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  return   use
truth:  return   a

test:  process the response as a 405 application .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  to   stop
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a tuple of for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  settings to the minion .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  normalize   format
truth:  setting   setting

test:  the vech function .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  is   like
truth:  null   null

test:  test label flip .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  label   label

test:  return the similar entries as a byte string .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  insert an existing real .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  manage   information
truth:  return   data

test:  gets the about the about the about page info .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  docstring for handling of blacklisted and reactor .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  make   module
truth:  handles   handles

test:  convert an event .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  my sends a single transaction denied .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  display   wrapper
truth:  denied   user

test:  create an empty device .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  create   null
truth:  call   cuda

test:  override the given objects in a string block block .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  convert   matrix
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  returns a template object that can be used to get the template objects .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  replace the string with whitespace converted to an empty string .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  return   html
truth:  normalize   a

test:  calculate the minimum of the values of the array at labels .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  toggle an event on a single image .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   column
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  decorator that performs keyword arguments in keyword arguments is a policy policy this function takes no arguments and is a copy of keyword arguments in keyword arguments in keyword argument
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  null   host
truth:  like   like

test:  get the line with the beginning of the line .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete index :type course_dir .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  parses a number of bytes from a number .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  expects   null

test:  creates a new action that spawns the native grant .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  return   summary
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a no-op function that ignores the dirty messages .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  null   send
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a list of objects of the named service .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add entities in a custom fields to custom fields if it is a custom field .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if given controller and user has permissions for given document .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   controller

test:  dump the te kwargs so we can make the actual sample it is the url-encodes of the url-encodes it works as strings .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  null   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the base divergence of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  <name> <name> from catalog .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  verify   load
truth:  decorates   a

test:  opens a kinesis stream and reads its contents .
truth: open stream . 
test:  function   security
truth:  stream   stream

test:  format a string of resource objects by degree .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  filters all errors in an iterable by child errors .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filters   filter
truth:  filter   a

test:  test multiple appending line options .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  command   command

test:  normalize points .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  float   input
truth:  normalize   a

test:  calculate the proposals of code .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  query   a
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  test if a base class is importable with seed .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  package   encode
truth:  url   url

test:  replace leading and trailing whitespace in a copy of the string .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  trims   a
truth:  string   string

test:  gather a server fail .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  run   a

test:  permanently attach a static node .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  function   function
truth:  add   add

test:  return true if path does not have the last modification .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  read in docstrings from docstrings docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   in

test:  set a function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  take an attribute string and return it .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  create a new google server cli example: .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  creates   name
truth:  create   create

test:  this method checks the url against the vary header for a vary .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the time of the get .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  test that new component items cannot be created .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  missing   null
truth:  check   check

test:  delete config from a config key .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the validation node that has been descendants .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  represent   filter
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an iterator over all possible elements in an iterable .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  return   chunks
truth:  return   return

test:  detach subnets .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   elb

test:  returns the protocol that is the protocol .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to return all parameters .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  null   names
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a color to a hex color .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  make sure that the user is restricted access .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  if   null
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a status message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  compute md5 hash on passed objects .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute score for continuous continuous bound for silhouette of squares .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  calculate   samples
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert binary array into integer .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  create   binary

test:  run quiet in a program .
truth: run a command . 
test:  retrieves   logs
truth:  run   a

test:  set up the insteon binary sensor .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  move vehicle in direction and scans the vehicle for each duration in direction .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   vehicle
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  check if pip show show show a short show version is short .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  init norm .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  return   url
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  get the set of indices from the current table .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  inputs   a

test:  asserts that the given choice is available given css type .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create tp and tp10x poolers with identical parameters .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   tp
truth:  create   create

test:  draw draw and prefix to match all strings of the same arguments as at least has all up .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns polynomial remainder in k[x] .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  labeled   returns
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return the scalar constant of a vector3 .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list availability zones for the specified virtual machine .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  accepts an iterable of signify and returns a list of files read from a string .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the dns number of dns services .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set default credentials for aws region .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   null
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  sets up a put put remote url and sets the remote put to a standard remote url .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  rename   fork
truth:  does   null

test:  sign a username against username .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  initiate   queries
truth:  set   set

test:  list all installed repos .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read a source spaces from a fif file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   source
truth:  read   read

test:  strip a newsgroup footer syntax .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  trailing   strip
truth:  text   text

test:  replace long name by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   compute
truth:  replace   long

test:  get recent users most recently activity for the user .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  send an email to a new exploration .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   email
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of methods of all methods of the given function .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a binary string to utf-8 encoded words .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of build files with the named options .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  build   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the string to a quoted string .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  text   null
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  null   control
truth:  control   control

test:  determine the current migration devices .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  return   get
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new xor cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse /etc/default/networking memory containing only the value of a random expression .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parses   latex
truth:  parses   parses

test:  attach a modulus and port to each of the server .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  create   server
truth:  define   null

test:  given a path where each of the given path .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   parameters
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : varlist | newline | testlist .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   varlist

test:  check if the given action is access via the given action .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  track   helper
truth:  calls   calls

test:  verify method object type array-interface by uptime passing a method type to the new-style style style .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  creates   a

test:  given the output of theano variable of theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  renders a template in the currently set of email addresses .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  print the data for the first formats .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  set the minion value for the named package .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  show the details from the provider concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return those items in sequence for which predicate is true .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available tenants cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  test subpixel accuracy of the oversample with gaussian 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   subpixel
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  return entities in given text .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get fixed ips by host and network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  list management .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  execute   django

test:  return the path where the heads is stored .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  escape markdown to escape the given text .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  text   text

test:  use this decorator to override the test method as a wrapper around the same time as the policies that tests that the web interpreter .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  call   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the lxc container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  sets a value to a given file .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  call   call

test:  wraps a class method so it accepts some of the new-style attribute as parameter .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  send to ensure that the log record are met by the given table .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  run   a
truth:  step   definition

test:  returns a list of asynchronous asynchronous modules .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  execute command line tool .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  null   sys
truth:  start   celery

test:  check if a package exists at boot is installed in an empty directory .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  scan the list of import import import mapping attribute string by the oid and the list of redirect objects .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scan   value
truth:  scans   null

test:  run the test .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  loads   test
truth:  test   initialization

test:  takes a string and returns a list of lowercase objects .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  use   string
truth:  return   return

test:  run a python interactive interpreter in a subprocess .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  run   python

test:  turn an expression into a sympy expression with its expressions .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  print   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a date in the format spec into a string .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   date

test:  return the extension of the current thread .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary by derivation .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   triangle
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns the cost of a flow that has a value of g .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read all edge cliques in edge from a graph .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall an npm package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  this decorator takes a method and adds the given number of executor to the given function in the given call to run time .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the datapath from the dpid .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  build the access path of the given attribute .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a list of the unflatten items in n x .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  fixture   returns
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  -   function
truth:  function   function

test:  import a qualified name in the package lookup .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  formats the given level .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  create   a

test:  write statistics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  write   a
truth:  display   a

test:  returns the brightness of multiply images on the system .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   setup
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the alternating cycle of the graph g .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a datetime object to a python datetime object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check for valid existence of name .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  null   return
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the specified location using http 304 status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  register registers the given c: handler .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   register

test:  generates a random api key and iv .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <mean_absolute_error> .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   median

test:  return the sparse matrix of x based on its generalized sparse matrix .
truth: computes np . 
test:  null   target
truth:  computes   np

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a free free free ports that could use the given port to find the given port .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   markdown
truth:  count   count

test:  return the endpoint to send to the purchase .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that value is a valid category .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns random string value with length fields replaced by a given length .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   string
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  register a model-specific for use in something .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   register

test:  get the attribute of the layer statistics .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  get   prints
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  pass me a human-readable server .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  read   hits
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail unless the module is loaded correctly .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  function   function

test:  create the blocklist file for factor .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  given   create
truth:  return   a

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   split
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable a launchd service cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   alias
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensure a value is set in the cluster property in the cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync value .
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test custom ask with custom do not work .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ask   test

test:  init init .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  null   init
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  load   null
truth:  work   work

test:  register all models hooks for comprehensive account hooks .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  null   register
truth:  register   register

test:  returns the dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  need   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  performs a single module on the given node .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  change   null
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  extract data from a timeseries of its contents using timeseries parameters .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  get permissions on all document objects .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list directory that include the path .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  search   return
truth:  to   function

test:  returns true if system can perform installed .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  hashes a password against a given password and hashed password it against the hash value .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  check voting predict class estimate in parallel .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   search
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  return the status of a task .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  return   data
truth:  returns   task

test:  accept the metadata on an instance of a rule .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  accept   metadata
truth:  create   create

test:  execute a sequence of freebsd-update .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common test suite for standard streams .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  sets   up
truth:  set   up

test:  test whether the specified object is good on the current linux .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  if   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns the psi group of order n .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test the functionality to clear the screen .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   runs
truth:  create   app

test:  reset the current contents of the prefixer to the context .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  set   set

test:  conditionally sets the email at the way level .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  null   queue

test:  get all notification subscriptions for the given user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a json dictionary .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  process   json

test:  run the test suite .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  tests   runner
truth:  run   run

test:  set a warning file in ~/ .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  configures   stores
truth:  set   set

test:  pre-process the numa password to determine which the request has a newline .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  get   image
truth:  return   return

test:  make a request to a different protocol messages .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  serialize   lists
truth:  decorate   a

test:  assign the dictionaries to an tuple according to the desired key .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  sort   multiple
truth:  print   keys

test:  remove the user from the central database cli example: .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   user

test:  iterate over the date in source .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  takes a dictionary of descriptor as a string in a descriptor .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the leading monomial of the x .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  test vi control-v style cli .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   datasetkfold
truth:  test   test

test:  estimate bw of two dimensional in kernel .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  null   zip
truth:  null   rule

test:  used by album to track multiple import .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  xml   check
truth:  creates   null

test:  computes the average precision .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove flavor access for flavor given project .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  given   remove

test:  saves the response to a specified stream .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   use
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  remove all figure and end of the figure .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   hosts
truth:  remove   lines

test:  replace the configuration .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  encodes   patch
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  resize a directory .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  detects   -
truth:  using   resize

test:  remove the error files .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  rotate   session
truth:  errors   errors

test:  list the mpkg ids that a given file is in a given pattern .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  given   current
truth:  to   attempt

test:  get the file keys and return data .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  return   find
truth:  file   file

test:  this method updates the signer into the signer given by the signer based on the signer .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  stack   disk
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  shows the user activity age for the user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  load   shows
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted style datetime to native datetime format .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get the microseconds meta name .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  get   background
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses a set-like header into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  prints the metric line .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  prints   wrapper
truth:  print   metric

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sort the given headers .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  sort   reverse
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for creating a table components .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  search for event on the specified location .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  takes   event
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  utc   utc

test:  compute singular values of a matrix .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  null   article
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  rgb to hex .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a sparse variable with matching shape and zero variable .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a new theano hash object .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  normalized   a
truth:  learn   a

test:  set the clock clock .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   image

test:  sends an apns notification to all available apns .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  entry point for the signal .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  ensure   setup
truth:  to   runner

test:  iterate over all possible nodes of the same iterator as the ast .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  produce   utility
truth:  yield   null

test:  this is a field_data function which checks if the "show key is a valid #1122 string .
truth: given a key . 
test:  take   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the evaluated int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks that the given string is a older lowercase specification .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  test   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the given queue is validated according to the given queue .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json severities severities representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  get events for the current events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  get   events

test:  return the file name .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the type of a type is valid .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  if   null
truth:  value   value

test:  given a list of fields .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  undo   a
truth:  extract   field

test:  generates the central crop for a given image .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  null   find
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an iterator of ordering of ordering in g .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  give   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if qdatastream raises an exception when given a qdatastream .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  check the user for certain file or a log exception .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  if   null

test:  extract a id for an segments .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a new collection id or new collection .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a precision formated object containing the currency .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   precision

test:  product of vector w .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the rows of x .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   uses
truth:  compute   camera

test:  only load if root library has all the init .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  used   null
truth:  run   run

test:  return a dict with config values include: include: .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  null   return
truth:  logging   logging

test:  checks if two lists are equal .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the quadratic quadratic function for a given signal .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  get   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generates public keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   rsa
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  a factory that returns configuration matches the configuration object .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  null   decorator

test:  temporarily add this action to the orm .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  slugify a string .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  apply   s
truth:  loads   null

test:  listen for http config .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  =   update
truth:  set   http

test:  performs a lock on a lock .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  lock   a
truth:  lock   a

test:  split the netmask and return ipv4 address .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  only work on gentoo systems .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  run   run

test:  generically the fs request .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  if   a
truth:  expands   null

test:  which overridden labels are tenant tenant tenant tenant .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  dictionary   converts
truth:  returns   a

test:  import a repo to a binary directory .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  samples   import
truth:  import   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  return   null
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for empty fields after bounds .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  create   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  resolves   open
truth:  insert   item

test:  train a single model .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   service
truth:  train   a

test:  return union in baselist .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  combine   null

test:  creates the python app and attach it to the virtual environment .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a package .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  update   update
truth:  remote   remote

test:  cast the given value into the given schema .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  value   cast
truth:  value   value

test:  replace characters that have to be considered to microsoft valueerrors .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  text   text
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  truncate a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   null
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  check if a variable is a sequence .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  extract information about the memory from the scenario .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  return   information
truth:  get   get

test:  find the closest parts of a short approximation to the given short .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  find   find

test:  converts the hex number of datapoints to rgb .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  convert   hex
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a namespace or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a png box for the matplotlib .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  read all html files contained in the current transaction .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  null   inequality
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_flags information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   shortcut
truth:  return   return

test:  execute a command .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  call   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  generate an array of ones drawn from a given array .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  set the value of a counters as the page .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  null   update
truth:  create   a

test:  decorator that adds the current curry curry to a function in the database .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  join   factory
truth:  null   null

test:  make migrations in dir .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   database

test:  returns the labeller integer n .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update the local .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  send a message on a topic .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  wraps   null

test:  main entry-point for bin/* scripts .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a dict describing the version of the server .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  given   return
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the command and content of the job .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  run   a
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function returning a new rational function returning a new rational rational function and returns it .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   new
truth:  construct   new

test:  handles a function and checks it .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  make   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper for defining integer type .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get endpoint hull from the convex loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment and installs the virtual environment variable .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  ajax view .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   render

test:  read the resource addresses for the given alert resource .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a signature scheme object pss_sigscheme that can be signature to turn none .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  filter the data and put it in the passed in the list of data .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  given   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  clean up any stubs that need to be executed on the no-op when the command line .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  erase   up
truth:  do   null

test:  returns an owslib from the given class .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  function   imports
truth:  to   null

test:  test of chisquare performs proportions for proportions two list of pairs of all pairs stored in the chisquare test .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   ascii
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  reads the file at path .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   lists
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  null   field
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves a differential equation order using the differential equations .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  class decorator to subscribe that should be in order to all methods under the same class .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  define   null
truth:  to   function

test:  find the layers of an array of its layers .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an int to a base 36 string .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  raise an exception if tp is not a tp for tp .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a fixed way to make sure the longest longest .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  renders   unicode
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  waits for the element to become a given id with an explicit timeout .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  click   click

test:  transform the crap code into a valid code containing the code result .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  return   transform
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  set up the current connection .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  if   like
truth:  function   function

test:  return the maximum of an array .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  reject fairness experiment .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  return   pass
truth:  using   null

test:  removes a nexusport binding .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  read comments for all comments .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  given   a

test:  read more members into more web link .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  compress   null
truth:  insert   insert

test:  convert a register dump list to a pickeld datastore .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  converts   method
truth:  converts   converts

test:  description is a wrapper around the description of selected learning .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  disconnect   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the points .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   points
truth:  points   points

test:  return true if n is prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   update
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get a list of rotation theta in *x* .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  performs   indices
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  make segments segments .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  make   content
truth:  list   list

test:  return a llvm python constant object .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  disables a servers for a given name .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  if   null
truth:  declares   null

test:  reads the secondary file in the given sff file .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  parse   compute
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  art the scope of the downloading downloading .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  write   null
truth:  send   send

test:  return a tuple of the elements that are available .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  indent text with a maximum of text lines .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  leading   null
truth:  indent   a

test:  usage: dbref this lock type checks if methods < 1 .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   attr_gt
truth:  to   alias

test:  return a list of all undeclared expansion from the undeclared .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the path to the users home directory .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  used   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the nibbles type .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the current openshift secret .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   null

test:  generate the toolbox code .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  generate   file
truth:  is   null

test:  wrapper around qtgui .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  change   null
truth:  change   change

test:  retrieve a dict describing all the ranges output on a template .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  print   lists
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns true if the character should be taken at the end of this script .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  passing a should not be ignored .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator that rewrites an integrand function as arguments .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   strategy

test:  builds the virtual property spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  test %reset validator .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a path to a file url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  base source variable that was allowed to a source .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  extracts   null

test:  compatibility wrapper around memoized .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all available colours .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  waits for the service to be available .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  establish a range of values from the server .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  call   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make a sequential palette with smoke color images from a palette .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   set

test:  return whether the given object has parent of the given class .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load this module .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  request   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  does the point have a point that is still before the point .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  returns   reading
truth:  if   null

test:  get all items in an iterable that are unique .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  list   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  compare all the rows for all tests using exact jinja modules for the cached keyspace .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  update   dataframe
truth:  if   test

test:  returns true/false whether the given key has a valid key .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  if   check

test:  collect ports created by quantum quantum .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   ports
truth:  collect   ports

test:  generates yule yule .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return information and group info in a dictionary form .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   user
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  context   context
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an keyboard role that passes the keyboard role .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  function   function

test:  skill provisions controller - needed to just search_ac for use in default/person - allows differential access permissions .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  commit the changes in the given package .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  retrieves   dict
truth:  short   get

test:  a generator that generates all supported summary of the docstring .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  resolve   generator
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  calculate the memory index of indices .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   location

test:  generates a prototype for the routines that return a coordinate integer .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  color   no
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  run the process .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns the type validator that is the type of a given type .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  look   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create trunk port .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  enforce urls in plain text .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns true if path is a child of child .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  generate gexf for use in encoding .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   lines

test:  copy lines from a multiline space to a line .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  copy   lines

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a entropy mask given the given sequence .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  return item['error error message .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  error   msg
truth:  process   process

test:  run until a loop has been created .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  reconstruct   null
truth:  call   call

test:  runs include_names report as installing from a given list of strings and stores the metric .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  run   tests
truth:  runs   runs

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  migrate command line for the executable .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  migrate   a
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of users for which the source is reporting data .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse and normalize request header .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns whether the bsgs bsgs can be used .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  show details about the given 'wrap' .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  null   details
truth:  display   display

test:  ensures that the policy passed in is not policy .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  extracts sentences from a string of sentences .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  ensure that the extra handler of extra extra arguments are sufficient between crash .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  force   a
truth:  null   idea

test:  parse a uri into an iterator of uri .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the elgamal just p in the mod p .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  a decorator that allows a function to be called on an ordereddict of a specific function .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  replaces   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse switches .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an annotated sentence string .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  determine whether the specified service is available for the callable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of the beta function used by even defined in isolating .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  given   lists
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  encode a short string using base64 with extended characters .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  null   add
truth:  encode   a

test:  new-style new-style characters from input_string .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  is   null

test:  local widget can run this widget .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   build
truth:  run   web

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  solves a unicode string .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  null   iso
truth:  null   null

test:  combine two classes together .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  return   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  convert a hex hex hex color to the specified hex color space .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  null   rgb
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  helper function to return special device objects .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  breaks   up

test:  a wrapper around six .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  check roundtrip for objects .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  check   reading
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  finds all files under directory .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks common to all metadata common service common to all metadata common service .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   count
truth:  get   title

test:  call func with given function .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  call   exception
truth:  calls   a

test:  return the adapter adapter name of a network .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   windows

test:  return true if were requested .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  read   return
truth:  display   display

test:  checks if x is the first index of p .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  return   find
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a decorator that converts a cached query into a cached query .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  extended   lookup
truth:  decorate   a

test:  set properties that are better to that we need to import correctly after the given pin .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  query   property
truth:  computes   null

test:  split the key into usable parts .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  features should tags should tags extract the scenario at least the tags of the scenario .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  having   a

test:  render an email token that should be included in a <script> e .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove the originally contents from the page .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  function   remove
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  check if the given array-like is a category field .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  if   check
truth:  function   function

test:  builds a dictionary of parameters from the provided template string .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  parse arguments line .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  discard comparison in a structured way .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test that samphub can be mappings into a bad record .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the cylindrical elements by a equate .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  migrate migrations for facts .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  migrate   articles
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  encode string as a unicode string or a unicode object .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a register name .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  string   a
truth:  get   a

test:  open or update a specific psql by channel .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  execute   logs
truth:  string   string

test:  decode the fvwi sequences from a fvwi distribution .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  decode   values
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  if an rgb .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  approximate   test
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a list of exploration ids that the given exploration is currently up to implictly by the subscribes subscribes .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  test stockwell .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   regression
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  fail if all of the expected_paths are not complete .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  mark   mark

test:  ensures that a function is an api .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  to   null
truth:  injects   a

test:  get multiplier from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  returns a this entry to use based on the chart view .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  gets   data
truth:  null   null

test:  get the full filesystem name from the name .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  clones a local git checkout with the current git checkout .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  execute   master
truth:  specified   clones

test:  enable or disallow previous previous file .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  start   volume
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  emulate   return
truth:  return   return

test:  adds a mapping of the specified tag to the rest .
truth: add tag . 
test:  given   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  using   null
truth:  using   test

test:  escape an iam string to include it as a python string .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  common code to change a gecos gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  update   code
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 32-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  generate a list of names for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  cd -> vbd object .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  run   null
truth:  create   create

test:  error checking for unary/binary functions .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  makes   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parses a description string into a sympy object .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dictionary of header and returns a dictionary of header tuples that can be passed to the respective header .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  asserts the condition with the given condition .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  call   asserts
truth:  assert   assert

test:  wrapper around allowing allowing repeat music .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  direct   manager
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse a string .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   cast
truth:  stack   stack

test:  ensures that the log directory contains the standardized directory .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  null   url
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a tuple .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  convert   wrap
truth:  given   null

test:  if you are not built and the pep8 database .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   test

test:  deletes a specific job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  to   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  include_pat command with same column as slicelen .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print the road manor road stack stats stats .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  number of album patterns associated with the album .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  null   number
truth:  return   number

test:  return the local number of a script cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  normalizes a string to a number .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  create a new certificate cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  generates symmetric group order .
truth: return base . 
test:  return   a
truth:  base   base

test:  build environment dictionary list by project_time .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  registered   configuration
truth:  build   build

test:  run the test suite .
truth: custom view . 
test:  called   json
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  helper function for printing out a actual subject string .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  return a list of string remove any formatting from the given sentence .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate obj command class .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   event
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return unicode paths or unicode string .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  binary deceptive function simply by : multivariate multi-model multi-model approach : multivariate multi-model and wen-lian your warnings expansion .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   binary

test:  create sql specific engine tables that is a table .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  wraps p and q of p queries .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove refct info from bb .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  get the base directory path .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  filtered   changes
truth:  get   ipython

test:  remove the list of enabled filters from the list of enabled filters .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  checks   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  adds a given role on a tenant and a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  a demonstration of _thread .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  exemplify   repr
truth:  run   a

test:  returns true if provided address belongs to prefix/plen multicast multicast address space .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  tells if target is newer than sources with respect to any of the sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  restores the logger .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  log   null
truth:  send   current

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  calculate all distributions in a list of distributions .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  null   return
truth:  chooses   a

test:  returns the ajax constant of a monomial .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  show all of the timeseries that we can access other users .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  lists   query
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  throws exception if value is a mapping of mapping .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the current date and the system cwd .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   os

test:  copy an instancemethod .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  change   change

test:  accepts a "stack" pattern and adds it to the new elements .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  locate   data
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete an imagemember or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute content and a primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  content   content
truth:  content   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  temperature   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  lettuce - be passed to the block for xblock .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  null   view
truth:  url   url

test:  adds the billed to the trace .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  create a sparse acl list from the same acl string .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the contents of a working module .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  import   version
truth:  exploit   import

test:  return labels for the api labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  github   return
truth:  github   github

test:  update tables when doctype is contained in doctype .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  name   sessions
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  load a test if a jinja test .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  sorts otu table by mapping file into list of sample ids .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   otu

test:  return true if target is missing to be changed .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  produce   batch
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the metric value from the current metric .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  url   metric
truth:  gets   metric

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a random string that can be passed to the reasonable e .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  null   null
truth:  be   null

test:  returns the *x*-limits similarity of similarity .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  register a class with the given name .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  store   handler

test:  converts some integer representation of the unix timestamp to integer .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  sort   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  returns true if the given string is a valid vorbis .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  take   lists
truth:  parse   a

test:  ubuntu a module release .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  mutate   module
truth:  get   get

test:  safely ensure a binary is decoded .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  coerce   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test extract_array utility function .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  extract_array   integer
truth:  test   test

test:  pull devices from a remote host and read the branch .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  require   a
truth:  return   arguments

test:  this returns extension of the current request as defined in the request .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to support a view only accept cors cors methods .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a phonenumber which is a phonenumber .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  gets   null

test:  checks if a csr matches several pki-based .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  point   a
truth:  does   null

test:  return a non-default copy of the given format .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create a variable on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  gets the list of child nodes of a given node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  like   like

test:  this is a helper function to do some implied sampling .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  force   a
truth:  pad   strings

test:  compute sensitivity noise from occured gaussian this class is a series of correlation pairs .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  return   sensitivity
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function used to redirect to authorization request .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  null   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  assign given device to the tensorlayer assign .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  assign   handler
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return negative frequency .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  constructs a development/testing/demo with a show_all expression on the input data .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  get   a
truth:  show   a

test:  this function validates a list of strings .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   validator

test:  send a post request to the testing server .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  send   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  test whether robust covariance matrix is lazily arguments? this is mostly intended for random > overlap .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  load cached config files .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  returns   load
truth:  default   default

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return the string after the first character in s .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the arguments from the user .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  response cache of cache that indicate headers of the response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  regex   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  shuffle arrays by words .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  null   a
truth:  use   use

test:  enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enables   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return the horizontal matrix of diagonal elements .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a fake volume .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  function   coordinates
truth:  return   a

test:  return the list of osquery that are osquery for all osquery .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  time   time

test:  validates that a string is valid for valid email .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  if   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  iterate over a single file .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  work   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  generate a hamiltonian .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts a cubic symbol to a cubic .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return system cpu times as a named tuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   use
truth:  return   system

test:  parse command-line arguments for auto-discover .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  to   key
truth:  split   split

test:  disconnect a service .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  disconnect   a
truth:  function   function

test:  permanently clone a identified plan .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  update a flash message with the given category .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  show   null
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  read   a

test:  collects the resource objects with the given layout and attribute .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  null   node
truth:  like   like

test:  try to transform an entity into one document .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  transform   returns
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  escapes the given string so it can be embedded in double-quoted context .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  escape   function
truth:  output   output

test:  create a new block ports .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test some data from activated cache .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  confirm   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  helper to calculate a invalidate search in a given source file .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  uses   directories
truth:  return   return

test:  starts the global configuration .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  to   config
truth:  null   section

test:  returns a list of indices that represent the line for the given line .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  stubbed   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  prints out output .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return a list of augeas directories to use .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  import   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the hcluster distance on the given closest .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  null   cluster

test:  release the scheduled neighbour .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   null
truth:  release   a

test:  move to the end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stops cassandra .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  return the cache message for the settings .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gracefully the scaling of the scenario that have been built .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  open   commit
truth:  null   null

test:  quote a string for use in a url .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  null   a
truth:  quoted   return

test:  extracts a version number from the json-safe specification .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   text
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  delete an image by its images .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  specified   delete

test:  return true if idle is available .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  declare   query
truth:  return   return

test:  runs the flask application on the local machine .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   lists
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parses an http response body and returns the response body as a any response .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   status

test:  sends an api delete request .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filters   items
truth:  filter   items

test:  same logic as "field" but it returns a check to check for private check .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  return   return

test:  escape a value for use in a url .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  loads the device and renders it if the given device is given .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  null   build
truth:  install   install

test:  simply opens and closes all full text .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  use   null
truth:  if   test

test:  create a mock index with a category and set it to the category .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  save   a
truth:  create   a

test:  verify that the path to the device is relative as a valid mount string .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  return   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model model and updates the cache .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  create a backup path from the given source file .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  given   file
truth:  create   a

test:  generate an config-vars keys for the given key cli example: .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   salt

test:  performs a parser .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unblock   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  filters a value for a given block of the strings in the sequence .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filters   content
truth:  filter   filter

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  remove the fake project and create its script_name .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  check that the value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test constants with a package with a da tuple and children hdp .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   ordercreator
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  log and return whether errors was logging and should be changed .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  logging   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the base directory for the mrjob .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in cm in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  get span itself! from the last line which a everyday is from the extended layer .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize a string with lines starting with a single space .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  filter the given path and return true if side is usually .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  add an error to the list .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  if   accepts
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  main function for reverse fasta filepaths .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter command and the cookiecutter template .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  list the genres .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a compositions map with the given permission .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  replaces   mask
truth:  support   multiple

test:  validate lineedit and make sure the lineedit is valid .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  validates   signal
truth:  run   run

test:  write array to a file .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  traverse   convert
truth:  write   a

test:  test logic .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  this function compute a cubic according to the locations about a cubic .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  builds   search
truth:  implements   implements

test:  a wrapper around constructor that supports yaml fields .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  null   cast
truth:  used   callback

test:  this method gets the harris points for the chunk of the harris .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   output
truth:  return   corners

test:  format the given value as a tuple that floats .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and a drive path .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   number

test:  retrieves the name of the process used for the template .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  process   process

test:  load an attribute attribute for the attributes .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the head part of a path .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an serial object for a url .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  get   create
truth:  get   get

test:  checking that all arguments have valid unicode variables .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a link to the nodes of the url .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  return   link
truth:  make   a

test:  return the laplacian laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the suffix from a suffix or a suffix .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find the condition of a given condition .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  format a pretty .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  format   format

test:  this returns the string for online .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the decorates regions for the aws region .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  create   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  attach a network device if no device was available .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  confine this module to rhel/fedora systems with macports .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  work   null
truth:  load   load

test:  convert text into text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  set the given properties on a project and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  update   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  works   works

test:  execute a command and returns its output as a subshell .
truth: run a command . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  run   a

test:  try to get the list of objects from a page .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  null   items
truth:  null   standard

test:  test that we can test exclusive in a requirement environment variables .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  code   pad
truth:  make   null

test:  check the list of unique elements of the given spec .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return detailed images cli example: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  list   function
truth:  return   details

test:  makes a method method that performs api method as api calls .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  to   function
truth:  provides   a

test:  convert a long integer into a similar integer .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  counts   display
truth:  given   a

test:  generates the list of scripts associated with the given application .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  returns a string that is an instance of a string .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to get the full resource from the full path .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  return   get
truth:  to   null

test:  delete an user server .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  delete   client
truth:  deletes   a

test:  parses a form for a form that has the same data .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parse   iso
truth:  parse   parse

test:  redirects to the appropriate wrapper method and redirects to sys .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  null   shim
truth:  null   shim

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   cluster
truth:  compute   compute

test:  open the help chapter for a given url .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  open   urls
truth:  opens   null

test:  takes a list of files and returns a list of filenames that can be registered as returned by other .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  check   check

test:  a neighbor intersection intersection around a relative intersection of intersection p .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  return   calling
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the latest calendar by the latest version of the given user .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  queries   queries

test:  return a boolean indicating whether the given path is a file .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  is   a
truth:  if   check

test:  set the shortcut of the shortcut to be created .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  return a datetime object for a zones .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of files on the file server .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  application home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  null   home
truth:  view   view

test:  generates the sieve for a specific source .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  generate   build
truth:  null   implementation

test:  generates a random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  generates   a

test:  clean up orphaned instance .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  orphaned   start
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  confine   null
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test that selectionchanged is built in the paths will fail on a template .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate a send_catch_log sparse matrix .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into json .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  converts a string into an array of standardized and the number of microseconds .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  generate a random sequence .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  provides apcaccess if it is installed .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  load   zpool
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  returns yaml representation of databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   assert
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  get   update
truth:  patch   patch

test:  loads window .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  returns   shuffles
truth:  moving   compute

test:  creates multiple extra classes into the dictionary of extra classes .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   classes

test:  test freezing a bazaar clone .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  collect list of supplied file .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   sets
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  save an registration code for the new user .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  save   method
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a batch matrix to a batch matrix parameters x : ndarray .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   activation
truth:  turn   a

test:  this is a wrapper around dsa .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  call   a
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  milestone status .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   milestone

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   work
truth:  load   load

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  replace_nonprintables transforms transforms and optional parameters .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  value   null
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get a service by its on host and binary it listens to .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  function that reads a stream by a login function .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  stores   return
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the basic bindings that the basic configuration will run the command .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   core
truth:  load   core

test:  fixes the id of the xml file .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  returns   module
truth:  given   null

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   commits
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  launch a gui .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  launch   cache
truth:  allows   null

test:  extract the kind attribute for the given entity .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  parse   multiple
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ignore warnings according to obj .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  have   object
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   bson

test:  get the secret token for use in the current systems .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  cache   function
truth:  null   a

test:  start the purchase and login response .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  configures   configures
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export a single socket .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   export

test:  returns the version number appearing in the given file .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  read a string table for the js .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   pull
truth:  read   in

test:  get the datastore record for this datastore .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  get   database
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate that id is a valid docker id .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  check that the given value is none or none .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  select an attribute given a collection .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  get the hypervisor that are available by name .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  function   filters
truth:  removes   null

test:  check if a package exists on the system .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  decorator to mark a test if the user is not a collection .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  deletes   decorator
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the login ip from routing .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the filepath is votable or false if the filepath is a votable file .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  reads   null

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  testing   output
truth:  output   output

test:  creates a new :class:command that identifies the given doer class .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   assignment

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  push a mock plugin .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  format a quote .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  performs a 3d 3d image between two points around a @type timestamps and world .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parses the authentication entries from the user configuration .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  parses   msg
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  iterate all the modules that exist in the given directory .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  respond with registration registration :return: serialized registration :rtype: dict :raises: tile .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  look   null

test:  given a string mapping values converted to a list of clauses .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  run all the zarp stats in the given template .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  gets   prints
truth:  null   a

test:  test plot .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  plotting   reading
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  parse a block scalar out of a block scalar .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  null   a
truth:  process   process

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and p .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  reduce   f

test:  test that the status of several bar works as expected by the c c protocol .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write a base64 html scene and return a base64 html scene html .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   html

test:  generate scripts scripts for the given exc_info .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  determines the input length of a convolution given degree size .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  function   function
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to base digits .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the activation function at x .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  parse a cookie header and return an int .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   lists
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the corruptor is safe for the given name .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if this plugin is an same plugin .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  wrapper for addon .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert polar coordinates to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  compute   ratio
truth:  convert   convert

test:  tests spherical components of two components of two representation of two components of two representation fields .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  check   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  i have a answer which fires the user has been entered .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  use   encodes
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the block of the block cache for the given course .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether the argument is an int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  if   predicate
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this will store the current language in the currently active application .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that the same topic method is tested .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  setting   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute class .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the tests in the list of django labels .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new instance of a class .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   null

test:  volunteer group positions controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  turn a list of paths into a list of the form .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  list   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a group topic message page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterates over the hidden service descriptors in a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  get the file mode .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  returns   type
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a global resolver .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  add   csv
truth:  initialize   null

test:  registers this function to get the valid key for use with filtering .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  writes text to stdout .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return a hash from a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  create   file
truth:  return   return

test:  all links in the wiki .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  create   a
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a dictionary to a corresponding set of items .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  differentiate f modulo p .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  generate a file without opening a file and returns its target .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  generate   resource

test:  show a value in an mid-term .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  return   data

test:  take an email .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  email   email

test:  generate all aliases .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generate   saved_file
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup vera switches .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the kafka .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   price
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the first bit bit of a along array .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   minimum
truth:  compute   compute

test:  deletes an existing line .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  handle   handle
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  return the base directory where a particular music music .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets the pipeline timeout to use on the current thread .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  stores   sets
truth:  set   a

test:  get releases with discid key .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  get   a
truth:  search   search

test:  this function determines if n is a threshold base .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   n
truth:  list   list

test:  get a network or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate slices of sets of shape .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   obj
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the python name of a template string .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if search is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  not yet .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   encode

test:  format the value in a yaml safe way .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  null   arg
truth:  return   a

test:  process given page and build a page .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  consume   null
truth:  requests   requests

test:  iterate over iterator of a newly sentence .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a model with the given cumulatively .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  null   create
truth:  create   a

test:  thin patches for actionable .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  export   export
truth:  git   git

test:  upload a s3 to s3 .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  view   add
truth:  upload   a

test:  simple logging wrapper around eliot messages that should cause a logging module instead of the http post .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  set   rate
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  get the user id for a specific anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  gets   tests
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  adds a new interactive python shell to the given namespace .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  start   a

test:  setup the mqtt sensor .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a working directory if it does not already exist .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  use   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the specific backend backends .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  point   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that a package is not installed with a specific epoch name the name of the package to get the package name a specific value to be called .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  given a size<=chunk_size and a keyword argument .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  apply   return
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the character behind the next character .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  removes   delete
truth:  delete   character

test:  extract the set of all networks from the same layer .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  select an element with the given selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  select   null
truth:  null   type

test:  convert an image to a os .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  return   rgb

test:  remove user from user .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  input() is a csr .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  null   model
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  create a dask from a castra .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  decodes   compute
truth:  load   a

test:  get the gcode hypertext of a line .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   config
truth:  get   get

test:  logs a new logout .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  translate   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  load an error message .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   content
truth:  build   build

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   class
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  returns the name of the display .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  returns   display
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a reasonable tag from a list of tag .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  use   nltks

test:  create a temporary filename .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  copy files from a file and return its text .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   a

test:  rangename returns a dict with the 3d range of the given ref .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  =   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  enables parts that have either a response variable or response['x- .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  func   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with &key .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  appends text to the url .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  link   a
truth:  trims   null

test:  get current time zone cli example: .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a dictionary of the metadata similarity of the instance .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  like   function
truth:  get   get

test:  get the subtitle path for the given video path file .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  get   get

test:  removes specified text with a given word removed .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  return a cache key that links to use the tests/ function name .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  compute   directory

test:  evaluate useless for lang-specific .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  null   trigger
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function which returns the file descriptor for the project .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  initialize   check
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   multi
truth:  parse   multi

test:  send a test via windows .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  null   run
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  return all xml elements of all xml in xpath .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  find   a

test:  wrap up the fallback handler in json .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  null   help
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure image is present in the computenode name : string name of image .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   image
truth:  ensure   image

test:  collects a relative url and get the new one .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  null   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  removes duplicates from tup .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  create   tuple
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  gaussian approximation to the done function .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  compute   regexp
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the additional folders .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decorator to mark a function as a wrapper for a test .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  takes   fake
truth:  to   decorator

test:  fetches a musicbrainz track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  generates the javascript map for each rule in the passed rule .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  throws exception if locale is valid .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  if   check
truth:  make   null

test:  check for x retrying retrying to those that x has retrying retrying .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  if   check
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert index or structure into a single element .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  if   handle
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for the module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  retrieves the identity value for the current site .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a conda package to be installed .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  send a soft task to enable salt cli example: .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the named extension should be requested .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  a paypal function simple diskspace or a git repository .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  check that distances are not accepted on skycoord .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  if   test
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypts a dtc code .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  null   enumerate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make the repo class .
truth: like @property . 
test:  verify   compute
truth:  like   like

test:  screenshot vote for a url#worse_is_better .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  username   a
truth:  null   vote

test:  return the chordal cycle of p .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  deletes the cookies and all cookies in the past .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  function   a
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  fetches an object for s3 .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  generate   request
truth:  runs   op

test:  function that processes uptime into show version information about uptime .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   string
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  get a server by id or raise .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  look   a
truth:  get   a

test:  reads information from invalidating lineage lineage lineage the user lineage api lineage .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  is   null
truth:  do   null

test:  serialize python data and a pickle object .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  serializes   a

test:  load a zipfile .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure the given locale is absent name the lvs to remove .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   user

test:  parse the mapping file .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  like the unix mock function .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  returns a unicode representation of string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  like   length
truth:  make   null

test:  list all the data centers cli example: .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure a user is absent on the computenode name the unique permission to remove permission to remove user : boolean also handles new syntactically of the user : boolean also
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  build a valuation model class with a valuation .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   try

test:  assemble the arguments for the module .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  take   a
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  null   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  see url .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  time   check
truth:  url   url

test:  this test verifies that the view returned from the api .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  get the instance metadata version .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an instance of executor .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns the standard standard standard deviation .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  drop any unhandled directories in apps and directories .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   tps
truth:  drop   directories

test:  replace any string sequences in a python space .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  find   undo
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  convert string to a line number of text strings .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  get the firewall status for an host or list of hosts .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  show   status

test:  read profiling data and build file .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  get command to execute python script against windows boxes .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  to   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap the shared block of a single block .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to write metadata file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  function   function

test:  sets a file as empty .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  make sure @roles works in @roles of @roles .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  explicitly return a string from a float .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  create edges in a source space .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  returns   n
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   section
truth:  complete   null

test:  returns a dict of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test three-line function .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  like   like

test:  calculate partial size for a univariate array .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a program module in the given basename .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  given   find
truth:  find   program

test:  takes a function and derivatives as first argument and returns a partial instance .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  create   update
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if language is a human-friendly locale for a given language name .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   try

test:  helper for classes of explicit parameter classes .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  labels   replaces
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  strips matching prefix from handlers and intersects them .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  strips   strips

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true if the given filename may be written .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns usually usually or hidsums tests .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  shows the version of the django release .
truth: display version info . 
test:  show   prints
truth:  display   version

test:  convert a time value to the corresponding integer delta .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   integer
truth:  convert   a

test:  rename whatever whatever whatever whatever using a wiki wiki syntax .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the distance of a vector .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  generate a dictionary of data .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  get   get

test:  return the amount of memory currently installed in this figure .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  return   return
truth:  allocate   null

test:  returns the api time for the specified namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   api

test:  delete all the current line with the given number of arguments .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  query   commit
truth:  perform   a

test:  calculate the region of the region in the given vectors .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  calculate   style

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  decorator for caching functions .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  get a proxy for the received tool .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  runs   object
truth:  provide   a

test:  take an exception object and marks it as a jar .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  numpy array to mask .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  replaces   mask
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the vd or a sentence .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  content   content

test:  parse the code of a code operators .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  reorder all desired order adjacency from calculating samples .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  null   names
truth:  null   null

test:  read hb-format shape .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   latex
truth:  read   read

test:  calculate the size and string size .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  text   information
truth:  return   a

test:  fail immediately .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  print   msg
truth:  error   error

test:  returns all possible divisors of the given list of divisors .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  function   function

test:  initialize the currently set of config .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  setting   find
truth:  searches   searches

test:  compute h for nodes of nodes on nodes .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  null   a
truth:  search   search

test:  run stays .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  null   collar
truth:  null   lx

test:  used to gather an inventory object .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  null   proxy
truth:  return   return

test:  test the process of a single installation data .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  join   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns package install state cli example: .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  makes a request token .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  determine whether we can actually support paths into something .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string into a string .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test general boolean value .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  akaike information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  return the default text representation of markdown .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  given   display
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  adds a message with the warning level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   attempts
truth:  adds   a

test:  this is a decorator to wrap a function so we can fail .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  returns the kernel spec for a vector .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  determine   name
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete a server from spacewalk .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  shows reconstruction model .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  is   display
truth:  show   show

test:  adds a mapping of error codes to the eliot codes .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  error   error

test:  ensure a specific replace search is given in the specific search name the name of the place to remove search for a graph cli examples: .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  rooms the socketio layer by at most provided request .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns qr .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   norm
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the lut by pixel values .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  null   graph
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create an icon for a django field .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  text   title
truth:  return   html

test:  returns the mac address assigned to the given mac address .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  generate   mac

test:  return a list of all services on the system .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  return   options
truth:  list   list

test:  converts a list of unicode objects into a string .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  normalize   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install the given directory to be executed using the given scripts .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  installing   distance
truth:  install   composer

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  given a model class .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  get   null
truth:  function   function

test:  demo data from the 16 representations of a test .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  makes   reading
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  decode base64-encoded task body .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  post   post

test:  return a copy of the expression expansion passed to the envelope variable .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  if   link
truth:  null   null

test:  decode a unicode string by unicode_obj .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  guess   guess

test:  prompts a url to a list of commits .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  populate   instance_type
truth:  launch   launch

test:  make sure a given file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  if   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate helper function and create git packages .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generate   uninstall
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   stop
truth:  restart   restart

test:  display the current matplotlib backend .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  run   show
truth:  to   helper

test:  translates error based on iso fields .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a list of wrapper for the properly function .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  set up editorstack .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  set   like
truth:  sets   up

test:  make a web page for a web app .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  create   shortcut
truth:  null   helper

test:  parse the event .
truth: given an event . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return a cg expression from the cg expression .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  add   a
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns list of queues required for a task .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about a new server .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   lists
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the value turned into a string with all possible escaping stripped .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  replace   replace

test:  verify that the specified python is installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  perform k-fold pairs on a la meaning .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  join   operation

test:  retrieve the data of a datastore .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  given   changes
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a strategy to use in the current thread .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   strategy

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   filter
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  receives the binary representation of all branches .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  function   blocks
truth:  github   github

test:  compare the two dictionaries .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   context
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the secret statement used by the secrets manager .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the master cli example: .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  reads the contents of the file .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  read   a
truth:  is   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the length of the given line .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  indent   indent
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts the overridden date for a given course .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks that the original header location of the received function .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator to wrap a function with accessible accessible .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  use   a
truth:  add   add

test:  read lsm lsm sequence .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  read a base64 encoded file .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  base64   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a django django suite for the given module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  write the votable table to disk .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   a

test:  return whether the site manager is enabled for the site .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to determine the floats to use for use with a series of zeros .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  trim   fetch
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  convert a string path to a local path parameters .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  to   text
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns true if any patterns matches any patterns in the given path .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  add a application with the specified name .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   uniform

test:  write datachars to a fif file .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   datachars
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  returns a valid user or raises an exception if the user does not exist .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  if   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  check if a vlan exists or already exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  tests if all the settings in the start of date .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  settings   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  nodes nodes in the dict .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   a

test:  open a repository in a new repository .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  null   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  return the power of the difference between p and 1 .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  null   fnc
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  convert the jobsub method to be refactored .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  creates   null

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  dictionary   table
truth:  list   table

test:  test to make sure the plot works correctly .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the current timezone time in a date .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  add a new request to the request if it exists .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  destroy a representation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   instance

test:  add a team team .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  issue update statements on behalf of a relationship() which specifies post_update .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  save   update
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get an half-axis engine by running services .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  run   process
truth:  return   return

test:  edit a document .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  edit   integer
truth:  create   a

test:  returns list of module info for this module .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  list   current
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the local representation of the dataset .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  obtains   text
truth:  null   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that a column of type is a pickle .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  return   str
truth:  setup   setup

test:  marks the specified results as formatted for a list of modules .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  training   sample
truth:  cache   cache

test:  verify the given fits file .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  operation to get an entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   workflow

test:  iterate over genbank formatted entries as record objects .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  iterate   attempts
truth:  breaks   up

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the server .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  close   checks
truth:  save   null

test:  run edge edge detection and run some markdown over it .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  parse   parse

test:  splits the path for the given template or callable .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   a

test:  detach a volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   a

test:  check that all packages have been marked as expected .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  test   helper
truth:  finds   participants

test:  ask for a color .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  check if n is a safe integer .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  return a hash digest of a string .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to the root directory .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  return   os
truth:  return   a

test:  create an absolute name given a path .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  backup   a
truth:  return   return

test:  flatten a list of lists into a list of objects .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   replaygain
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  simple sequences for 4-byte .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  null   address
truth:  header   header

test:  send a hup to the named sysv cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  fetches the database using appropriate _filter_schema .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  mark   increment
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a list of records that the specified uri was created by a uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  given   volume
truth:  given   a

test:  sort the distributions of multiple data .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check that the given status is a valid status file .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  check   null
truth:  error   error

test:  take a list of strings and prepends it into a list of words .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  given   list
truth:  get   words

test:  convert duration to integer .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   windows

test:  check if a repository on the received site is within a repository .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  return   a
truth:  detects   null

test:  add a list of paths to the history file .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  add   add
truth:  indicate   null

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   url
truth:  null   resource

test:  define a list of servers .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the build for a build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define a binary target with the target name and binary resources .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   java_jar
truth:  define   null

test:  a base class for parsing base and b .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set a list of desktop icons and none for all desktop .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  change   return
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect to gather gather signal .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  null   connect
truth:  connect   connect

test:  see :meth: .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  null   difference
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  used to set up a django selector for a selector .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  extract the dot product of a and b .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the paginator .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  list   list

test:  load a conda file .
truth: open history . 
test:  load   load
truth:  open   history

test:  display the unpause dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  reads the object from the specified path and return it .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  return   return
truth:  read   read

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current ticklocs and ticklines it on the current axis .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on gentoo systems with eselect installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  confirm   work
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy should only pull in importing w/ modules .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install docker distribution on the local instance .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  install   install
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a string .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  dimitem : expr lt expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr lt expr | expr ne expr | expr gt expr |
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  to   dict
truth:  get   get

test:  does not exist .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  indicates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to amazon lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  copy a file or a directory and its filename .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   move
truth:  file   file

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  puts a string to see if it contains a text .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  validate   string
truth:  if   checks

test:  return moving smoothed for capital -1 .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  launches a dialog .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   information
truth:  launches   null

test:  test fastprint calls .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  text   null
truth:  is   null

test:  build task task to sitemaps .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  builds   task
truth:  build   build

test:  creates type-specific wrapping field from a document_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  create   null
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type information section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  plot the image and patch it .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  send a command with the passed data .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  send   html
truth:  send   send

test:  verify that the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  enable   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the canonical type for a name .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  parse a template name into a dictionary .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  parse   shorthand
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a list of data from the configuration .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  parse   accepts
truth:  return   return

test:  create and return a new filename .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract a ctypes .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse an uri using a uri .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  get an item value by name .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  module   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add faces by mesh .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   cube

test:  find all rgb of an rgb image .
truth: transform x . 
test:  get   rgb
truth:  transform   x

test:  team virtual notification protected across the visibility protected image type .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  given   a

test:  home handler .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  null   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  open a file in a remote location and write it to a new destination server .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  rename   null
truth:  start   a

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  execute a program by other levels for unittest .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  null   null

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  alteration   a

test:  generates a name from the given module name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  split   node

test:  returns the aaaa path .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  test   root
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   volume
truth:  remove   volume

test:  set the preferred time zone .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compute the fullrank matrix of x .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  show the message twice after the first -3 is provided .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  tests   show
truth:  show   show

test:  get the name of the docs module for the source file .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  creates a list of functions that are not in the given function name .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  rules   parse
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  ask for a filename or a filename .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  ask   file
truth:  ask   null

test:  wait until a volume has been reached .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  wait   update
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  return 18 templates .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience function to create a stream and also contain the specified stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets telemetry data via the api .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  gets   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  access to db delete .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns task status information for a task .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  handle   handle
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the keyczar dict for an limits .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the model from the given app .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  checks that first is none .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the value of the elements of a list .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  order   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all specification for a given qos specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  renders markdown text to scrub the scrub will be rendered .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  dataset   null
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system and wait for the virtual machines on a specific node .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  quote an iterable as a bytestring or a string .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  like   replace
truth:  null   quote

test:  return a datetime object for the given obj .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a certain security group security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  fetches   information

test:  returns a list of valid valid exploration ids of all completed ids of the given user .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup bloomsky for database .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  verify that the four censure censure censure censure test cases are the same as the image with the same number of the supplied censure .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  rsync version of os .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  use   directories
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  checks if the google cloud credentials are valid .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  get   credentials

test:  create a new service options .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  verify that docs can be passed to a few masking .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  test   test

test:  try to guess the version from the user .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  grab   drac

test:  gets the power command of the given power or none .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  get   windows
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated float .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  enqueues the task update for the given course update .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  update   update
truth:  sends   a

test:  return true if filename may be a valid bgp file .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  is   a
truth:  if   test

test:  it should run only on any scenario .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  null   test
truth:  uses   uses

test:  takes a list of acoustid objects and returns the acoustid metadata .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  apply   filesystem
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as repr() implementing encryption/decryption .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  null   precision
truth:  does   null

test:  find program action to run program .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  split   a
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that a blaze expression is a new_branch_dir .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets the footer and stores the service .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  retrieves   load
truth:  return   data

test:  return a list of data that have been marked as belonging to complete .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  gets   fetch
truth:  get   a

test:  plots the symmetric kernel .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  uses   join
truth:  create   create

test:  looks up recursively just get the subtitles from just a given serializer .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  get   uses
truth:  descend   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  verify that name matches the name along the given name .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  this function ensures that a local files have been set in any plotly .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the list of cover art for the given block .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  return   debug
truth:  null   method

test:  merge a new map from a key/value pair .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  map   map

test:  add workers table .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  name   opening
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  check if year extract the year at least one of the year .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  returns   a

test:  read a .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  read   read
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  wrap a call with a timeout; if the called function fails .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  performs metagenomeseqs normalization on a directory .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  produces   metagenomeseqs
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  build the coverage java of the coverage test .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the count of the number .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  tail   document
truth:  insert   item

test:  update master config options for the master .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  compile   get
truth:  required   items

test:  push an image from a docker registry .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  push   push

test:  parse plot_bad_images line arguments into prerequisites .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialize   gamma
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  get the actual code of the given template .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  to   function
truth:  get   get

test:  entry point for the stack frame in the stack list of xpaths .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  reconstruct   multiple
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  checks if the configuration is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  prompts the user if he is importable .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  null   null
truth:  prompts   null

test:  cover the text by readline-style it to the right cursor .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  compare   sql
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the distribution .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  save global configuration with campaign permissions .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  make   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test pick channels of mixin .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  pick   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  setup iframe switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  setup   testenvironment
truth:  add   add

test:  returns an iterator of successors in g .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  rest controller for hand-drawn maps .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  null   crud

test:  insert a header into a network .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  is   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  if   case
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  depth first search wrapper around a path .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  find   null
truth:  depth   depth

test:  change the grains of an entry .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return the wanna queue from a session .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  extract unicode characters from string to utf-8 str .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  like   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the current module descriptor to a module .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  determines   null

test:  stop the geonode application .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  check known terminal .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  trailing   input
truth:  input   input

test:  create a store from an app_label .
truth: given a location . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  add orbits with the extruder off .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   orbits

test:  stop the pid by sending it to the pid .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  we can connect to each service that is currently being used in the :setting:task_annotations .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  to   hook
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  linker   linker
truth:  linker   linker

test:  expand the file and combine its arguments into a single string .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  expand   sys
truth:  null   argument

test:  return whether the user is a qurl .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns command name for the given name .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  name   name

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  null   module
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check nova in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  wrapper around theme .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get the current hello classes .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a content-type like parts .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  url   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  helper information about the instance info dictionary and populate information about the instances database .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from swift before the x_container_sync_point[12] columns were added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforespi .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  i have hashes .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  null   status
truth:  have   i

test:  return a list of strings that do not in the given string .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  sanitize the hostname on the rest_sample if necessary .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  password   null
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all modules with modules listed in the modules as they might have been imported .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  parses a string like parse_querystring .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  function   function

test:  this decorator can fail be used to fail unless callback is not available .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  to   null
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  print a given traceback and prints it with given value .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   print

test:  coach students in request .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  sets   view
truth:  manage   null

test:  mangle the type for a given type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  mangle   section
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  extended euclidean algorithm of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  list all apps in a given directory .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  send message to hipchat from the message .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  send   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  validate the metadata for a mapping file .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  log   note
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  plot metrics for the list of comments .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  change students of enrolled in the given course .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  encode a string into utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  string   string
truth:  convert   convert

test:  retrieve a list of files from a given service .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  download a remote object and execute it only if a onlyif calls it is given .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generate a random number of bytes .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  a_k function .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  null   approximation

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  null   header
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request url from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   null
truth:  learns   null

test:  list all of the directories that are on the master .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   current

test:  get a field setup for the given query .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  load a plugin names from the same plugin .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convenience function for converting a set of words into a single set of strings .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  finds   multiple
truth:  returns   returns

test:  handle a given path .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  if   a
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders a form element .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   access
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating request .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  retrieves the set of courses enrollment for the given course .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get filename with given path or compiled filename .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  turn all the vbench id into a new process .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  close   user
truth:  null   args

test:  return an distribution object assignment_operator in inappropriate .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  extracts   edit
truth:  get   get

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  all scenarios should not tags have a feature .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   feature

test:  convert special char to html .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the path for the windows long path on windows .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  provide   windows
truth:  use   windows

test:  compares two paths and returns the list of paths matching the given path .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get a network with the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the supplied the the the the the the the the
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   reference

test:  make sure we can render a versions of compilable .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  make   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  decorator to check all skipped .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  makes   test
truth:  raises   null

test:  renders a jinja environment using a jinja2 environment and returns it .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  called   function
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  update an existing file .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  download   sympy
truth:  get   path

test:  reads a string into an integer .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  read   position
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view generator for "comment keys .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  fetches a list of all security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  creates a new service on the given tenant .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  change primary primary primary email address .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  do   email
truth:  change   primary

test:  make a probability that is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   distribution

test:  build the exception message dictionary into a message object .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  returns the non-existent non-existent .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  returns   download
truth:  provides   null

test:  discover a list of file files inside a ; path .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  discover   lists
truth:  null   null

test:  plot error band .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   images
truth:  plot   plot

test:  generate a list of simplified pairs .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  rolls   null
truth:  reduces   a

test:  entry point for bin/* scripts .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  display   display

test:  get all volumes belonging to a consistency group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  automatically update the current item and updates it .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  handles   attempts
truth:  archive   archive

test:  filter out positive integer from positive .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  cast   a

test:  returns the entire time calls for the highest limit .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  create a client for a specific backend .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   create
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if the given sentence has a positive sentiment .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  computes   a

test:  returns the messages required by the post and an existing session .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  get   get

test:  sends an email .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is in network .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the query afterwards * this any useful? works
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  initialize any common encoded output .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  config   compile
truth:  importing   null

test:  private method used to retrieve an enabled url based on provider configuration .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  gets   null

test:  truncate a shall range .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  transposes   a

test:  puts() should print unicode output without a user .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display vim .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   find
truth:  display   display

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  select   null
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to convert request to api .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  registers   a

test:  fab -h username@host for this application .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the textual bound to an integer .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  close   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the bearing geometry .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  create a country codes based on user codes and tk .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the ring of the graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  defines   a

test:  displays a handler that will return the next title of a message .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  code   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  send a message to a recipient recipient and make a recipient .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  null   null
truth:  send   a

test:  add a path to the graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  dot product of an event .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  download the given exhausted with the invoice invoice .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   s3
truth:  download   download

test:  create a bpm from a configuration .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a string referring to a list of fields .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  return a list of all of the packages that have been marked as a dictionary .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  null   current
truth:  package   package

test:  replaces python 2 .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replace   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  strips the ccx and the ccx from a ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  assume   lookup
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a datetime object with the current timezone and the result of a 2822 matrix .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generating   a

test:  generate an md5 hash for md5sum and return the md5 sum .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  return   md5sum
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  make a nxm nxm entry for the given name .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  make   a

test:  associate qos_specs with given qos specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   volume

test:  convert spherical y coordinates for spherical spherical spherical test class .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  null   sphere
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert the given string to ascii .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  function   string
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  register the page and page from the page .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  register   pelican
truth:  calls   calls

test:  parse command-line argument string and return a tuple .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses a cost equation .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing and freeze a git repository .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  check gcrs<->cirs transform for round-tripping with subdomaincallingformat .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  executes   request
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given httpresponse and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest request has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  wrapper for the formula function taken from the animation function .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new children of children with the given store .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  builds   helper
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the string contained within the ref as error .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  function   error
truth:  returns   a

test:  builds a list of web files starting with the given url .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  trims   count
truth:  null   utility

test:  collects the namespaces from the database via the see also run .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   secrets
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   install
truth:  configure   configure

test:  ajax view to delete a comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  use   methods
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  returns the path to the root directory .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  setup up any flocker-installed flocker-installed method .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   server
truth:  install   install

test:  get the value for a given name .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  compile   option

test:  get geometryoutput vertexes from paths .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   triangle
truth:  get   get

test:  builds a salt-run docs from the united package .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  extract   tuple
truth:  extract   information

test:  return the vms object .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  null   proxmox
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return absolute path to the operating system relative to absolute path .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a doctest doctest to the given name .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  used   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a list of indefinite objects matching the named package cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a method that takes a method prefix and a method prefix .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  try to get google encoded from a google .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   event
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  recursively remove a list .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  make sure all python records from python frame are dtype? .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  locate   args
truth:  to   try

test:  convert a disk to the corresponding rfc-1123 .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  do   change
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the redirection view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  save   null
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   media
truth:  get   subitems

test:  convert a base64 encoded string to a native string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  get community configuration .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update collections download totals .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   addons+collections
truth:  update   collections

test:  returns true if the given name is a properly formatted requirement requirement .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  encode nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  ask a message to the most errors .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  matrix trace function for displaying a trace .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  null   samples
truth:  trace   trace

test:  asserts that the generated class name is valid .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns key based on key .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  validate mututally loop and check if it is at least one of the required doctype .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  if   rgb
truth:  if   check

test:  run a call and remove it .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  run   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a string to a long integer .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   filter
truth:  convert   digest

test:  calculate the remaining date for a start date and a timedelta .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   utf-8
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  classify random 16x16 color images into several classes using logistic regression with convolutional hidden layer of gru units and softmax applied to the last activations of gru units .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  parse a source file and returns a eliminating object .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert a dictionary of data as returned by the dictionary to a list of dicts .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  convert   data
truth:  converts   a

test:  python implementation of python module .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  return   import
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  makes sure the container is enabled .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  figure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the number of bits that occur in a less integer .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  get   return
truth:  specified   get

test:  compatibility wrapper for pythons acl command .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a 2d image .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  null   batch
truth:  null   null

test:  enriched and return the first two state of the test .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  null   service
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test vertices function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   box
truth:  test   cube

test:  main entry point of so packages can access the containers and cached out of other changes .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  point   null
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne usage information .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  show   show
truth:  test   mne

test:  return the old qt wrapper .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  packs a datetime-typed property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  returns the type of the given type .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  this function will check if the response was specified .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  perform   helper
truth:  parse   parse

test:  take an application error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  translate   vms
truth:  converts   converts

test:  helper to calculate which symbol a microsite that is a dictionary of different places .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  -   list
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  cache a simple sole checks to cache its dependencies and values .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  caching   null

test:  create a new control reactor and run a loopback on the given reactor .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  create a class to generate an id for a class by name .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  create   names
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract the nearest bit from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  recursively yield all files and contents of the given pattern .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a line option .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  test   name
truth:  null   null

test:  for help files .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  null   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  determine if a stage should be ignored based on the submitted .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  settings   dict
truth:  inform   null

test:  converts the type of type buffer into the database .
truth: converts db . 
test:  fetches   db
truth:  db   db

test:  test to make sure that the html is emitted by a symlink .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  given   downloads
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  aliased   returns
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases as a list of words .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  if   yaml
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts 3d rectangular rectangular coordinates to cartesian coordinates .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return true if the given field has a "none" "none" .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a toplevel widget .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the binary sensors .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that the in-db units match after on-disk on-disk have been marked as xhtml .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a new compiler to verify a compiler module is installed in the compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  update users from source to the parent subscription .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  move   move
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  get a new host and adapter for the given host .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  stores   details
truth:  null   method

test:  delete a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test dpsswavelet mean of triangles .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all gradients .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  parse config file .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  remove   resource
truth:  read   read

test:  a multiple interpreter should be passed to c .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  verify   doctest
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  returns if we can cache everything for a cache cache if it is subdirectories and returns empty cache is subdirectories .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  return   return

test:  updates list of remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  update   remotes
truth:  execute   a

test:  guess expired sessions before the system .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  get   location
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if a tag should be escaped .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  split a packet into two lines of desired substrings .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   split
truth:  given   a

test:  solves a single dimension of a sphere .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  solve   equation

test:  remove all headers from a response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  arrays   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  this function gets the default net just a function for a rms .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  return   reverse
truth:  simulate   a

test:  traverse the merge .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the profile model instance for the given profile .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test logging .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  control   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  periodogram for count parameters x: .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  perform   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dumps a set of files to a file .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  add a tenants to the following server cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  clear an action by name .
truth: hold election . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  hold   hold

test:  should have a python virtualenv if its possible to work .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   python

test:  uninstall the system 'cscript .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  compute the lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the number of subtasks that have been subtasks in a given number .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  function   a
truth:  determines   number

test:  retrieve duplicate provider name from current .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  a decorator that returns a decorator that maps to a method at the beginning of the decorated function .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  all minimal linked to the normal distribution .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  change   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  generates a users by the users api .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  gets   users
truth:  get   get

test:  stop all the gradient in the input range .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get all db ips in all db .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  common wrapper to make sure the wrapper was set on connection .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  deletes   wrapper
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns the maximum distance that can be passed .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the rank of the array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  array   null
truth:  take   a

test:  sets salt cloud ip .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  set   changes
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generate small array for small overlap .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  represents   xml
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  return a list of warning lines .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  handle page created by title and restart backends .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  invalidate   remove
truth:  if   check

test:  list the contents of a given host or id cli example: .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   a
truth:  defined   list

test:  takes a color triple and converts it to a colors .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  return   network
truth:  convert   a

test:  decorate a openlabs method in a class .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create or remove username from username .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  verify   user
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns: the t-test for two arrays .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  returns   t
truth:  null   scipy

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encoding
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  shows the deprecated version of a certain shows .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  define   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  indicates which view used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  returns integer token value from given integer or a file-like object .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  return   data
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return the current date .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  time   pyrax
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a penn tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete a cors cors from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors were not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  equate the points inside the points .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  rotate   signals
truth:  equate   null

test:  get attribute from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  allow the admin widgets to create a new admin widget .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   register

test:  regression test for url .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set the value of an object or command .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  renders a template with the given template and appends the given template .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  renders   collection
truth:  render   render

test:  test whether an object is an instance of x .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  convert   x
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  produce a string of tool from the given string .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  process   fn
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the document class of the document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  send a html summary of a report .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  upload   executive

test:  the unix file is a logs into the logs .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  whitespace   null
truth:  unzip   null

test:  a mock mock .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  mock   mock

test:  verifies that the given attribute on a class name is added to the expected value type .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  to   null

test:  check that the major version is installed .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  deletes a computenode record .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  send   a
truth:  query   query

test:  create null locator with default parameters .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  test   a
truth:  log   log

test:  computes the dw matrix from a mapreduce graph .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the configuration and return an actiontec scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list all responses .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  list   list
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   triangle

test:  return the icon for a particular resource .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read count 32-bit floats using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  return true for the group with elements .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   synonym

test:  get a list of dns ips .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  formatting   a
truth:  list   current

test:  parses a report and log from it to extract the given report .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests that we can load a zero-filled model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and train .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  test   test

test:  verify a pep bundles .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  makes   lists
truth:  return   return

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parabolic cylinder functions of the second kind and its derivative .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  compute   cylinder
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  common code to change a gecos gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the qos scanner .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  validate the fields dictionary values dictionary values in the dictionary .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  insures   null

test:  sends a whole load balancer .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  run   logs
truth:  null   program

test:  return the country time zones .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the absolute test of a filesystem on the same length as a preserving pathname .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that timeit is not a valid ip .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   wether

test:  encode points horizontally .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encodes   encode
truth:  encodes   a

test:  return true is job is disabled cli example: .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   delete
truth:  return   return

test:  create folders under all tests .
truth: create directories . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the path to sdist .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   sdists
truth:  build   sdists

test:  get all attachment records .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  get   iterator
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return difference between two integers .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  return   equality
truth:  function   function

test:  get shared user for given doctype .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  returns   users
truth:  list   list

test:  removes elements from a given test cases at the end of a given flag .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  tests   chocolatey
truth:  clean   up

test:  make an array with the given values .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  use   block
truth:  build   a

test:  utility method to check if available page is available .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  if   weights
truth:  checks   page

test:  return the copy of f in k[x] .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  copy   return
truth:  create   a

test:  a decorator that skips the user be required for logging .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  virtual virt to used for @return: access bridge .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  run   virt
truth:  default   default

test:  returns a dict with all variables in the given code .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the percentile-position of the sample correlation matrix .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  construct   data
truth:  move   move

test:  compute scaling of the preview .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   scaling
truth:  compute   variables

test:  check the reference from a tensor with it behaves on the yum-like .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  test   prints
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  fetches a list of available keypair cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator to mark a function as not required anymore .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  null   spam
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inject any execution commands in the database .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  null   null
truth:  called   null

test:  parse pmids-citation sequence-string .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  complete the post events and wraps the post data .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  view   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy the given document to another destination .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  test that before and after each input test .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  fix   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  retrieve information about a titles .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  module   read
truth:  read   read

test:  returns none if value is none .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a sympy expression .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  finds   function
truth:  find   numbers

test:  read the output of the specified file .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   a

test:  encode a number into bytes .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a user as a domain for a domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   sin
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract field name from string .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  return   data
truth:  returns   data

test:  called before building a site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  read matlab data from each string of further data .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   mr

test:  compute the string similarity of a string .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  get the timestamp for the given range of two possible .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $bindir .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the pytz device name for the given configuration cli example: .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  set students metrics in the section .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  callback for the json data to be a json option .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   callback

test:  returns a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a navigation navigation item for section 2 .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  use   os
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  clean the given file .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  url   url

test:  add a offsetboxes box to the margin and set it on the original box .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  handle   calculate
truth:  surround   ax

test:  cast a remote method to a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   cast

test:  assert that the object is unusable .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return shell_history information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   osquery_registry
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the color(s) on the color(s) .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns the pid of a given name .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  return   p
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validate that the value is an available interface .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   command
truth:  input   input

test:  only load if the dockerio execution module is available .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   getfacl
truth:  load   load

test:  restful crud controller - just used for searching for option .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   controller

test:  update the pingbacks handler .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   entry
truth:  update   entry

test:  return the headers in the given name .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  find   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  replace macros tuples with the given inputs with the given inputs .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  select   a
truth:  simplify   a

test:  implement the string to fix a number of spaces .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  get   correct
truth:  text   text

test:  take a vif .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   standard

test:  returns the greatest common divisor of two integers uses euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  my delete .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  username   a
truth:  apply   action

test:  validate that the power of shifts looks like an relative power of power objects .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  value   null
truth:  if   check

test:  run a simple function in the given iterable .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  given   a
truth:  run   run

test:  get qual stats for sift sift .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  bins   bins

test:  finds the smallest node in the right range .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  maps a dict of valid python ids to dask .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  register   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up the worker in this task .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  simplified   setup
truth:  setup   worker

test:  compare two strings .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return an iterator over the elements of the given iterable .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to get print name of from_file from_file the form .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache site is in the apache name the name of the module to remove an apache name the site of the site .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fixture that mocks and fixture fixture into a dict of fixture .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  to   stubs
truth:  create   a

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  perform x and finite to a given array of x .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  like   like

test:  test that creating and bugs behaves like a couple model .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   include
truth:  include   include

test:  test latitude .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   cast
truth:  test   latitude

test:  parse schema .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  create a new binary class with the given instance .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   method

test:  generate all indices of a given list of indices .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  indices   null
truth:  null   group

test:  return the big-endian representation of an object .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  config   key

test:  load an object bindings .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a timestamp value to a timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  convert   transform
truth:  converts   a

test:  the factorial .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test retrieving a single view .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  ensure   tests
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  helper to provide a clsid for a given clsid .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  get   a

test:  checks facet name is not too long and matches facet names pattern .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   names
truth:  checks   checks

test:  provides a flash encryption for a control request .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  return   a

test:  stop a container container .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle control register d1 bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   control
truth:  control   control

test:  compute a new url-safe hash .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  adds attribute attribute to the object .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  call   null
truth:  create   a

test:  updates a file in the given path and update its values .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   changes
truth:  create   a

test:  calls external response body of the given request .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  show   a
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  flatten nested tuples .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  nested   null

test:  create a dataset object that can be filled to the original model .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  name   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a form of a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure bad setv .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert divisors .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  take   null

test:  compute all connectivity connectivity for a person .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   connectivity
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  plugin registration .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  register   null
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return an :class: .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test adding fitness for a genome to a genome .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  iterate   function
truth:  null   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  utility method to make a cubic class for a particular cubic .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   utility

test:  return true if the named container is running under the running locally cli example: .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   null

test:  send a status code to the localized code .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  run   move
truth:  log   in

test:  fetches protobuf message from a protobuf response .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  search for a text pattern .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  find   pull
truth:  takes   a

test:  delete the dashboard .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clear   method
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the number of samples drawn from a multi-dimensional graph .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   graph

test:  add the argument to the given argument .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  add   arg
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get markup from markdown .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  null   a
truth:  apply   html

test:  loads the libzmq .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   exclude
truth:  bundled   load

test:  display the current database version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  unload   display
truth:  print   databases

test:  determine whether floating-point of the difference between two connecting objects .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  takes a text and returns the sequences of the next change in the form .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  create   filter
truth:  text   text

test:  produce a set of proportions for given camera and upp upp .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  model   variant
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a scipy .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   *
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a blob for use with blobstore .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  null   a
truth:  signs   a

test:  try to do this full style of the slot .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the status from a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a composites line of header .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   a

test:  removes a report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  to   view
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  check if a given server is enabled on server .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  if   check

test:  override config and load config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  load   config
truth:  null   section

test:  generate a generator that applies all events of the given date .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  creates   add
truth:  null   event

test:  create test suite for test test suite .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  print the nest message and return the output .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  print   print
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level hermite polynomial of the 1st kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  tests creating the scripts .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  define   null
truth:  make   a

test:  updates a tenants cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  profiling   null
truth:  change   change

test:  update an instance of a lut .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  update   a
truth:  change   change

test:  test that sampclient can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a dump instance .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  return   a
truth:  describe   null

test:  remove captions from value .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  call   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  store an object in the specified bank data file .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  format   a
truth:  store   information

test:  calculate a box box for an distorted value .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  create   pull
truth:  generates   null

test:  return an email address .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  url   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add a package name to be enabled .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   a

test:  json handler for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  null   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  returns either the request type .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   temporary

test:  attempt to initialize an environment variables and return its output .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  output   a
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the given name is a uri portion .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  return   series
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  k kernel .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decrypts string .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decode   returns
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  set up the simplisafe platform .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  return shared memory from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the display display spec .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  is   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieves the configuration shed by the given pages .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  function   function

test:  roll back any ongoing transactions and resets the dirty flag .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  resets   a

test:  format text as a string of latex and macros it for latex .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  converts   latex
truth:  create   a

test:  test plot of evoked data .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  io   regression
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  context manager to activate the path to the path on sys .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  adding   context

test:  performs a docker /etc/hosts file or a file-like object .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   attempts

test:  a script is created with a virtual machines on a system .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  let   null

test:  convert a timestamp into a datetime object .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a sm backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  convert   filter
truth:  converts   a

test:  srensendice similarity for quantized .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  null   batch
truth:  null   null

test:  create the default process for $rdp .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a numpy array to a numpy array .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  null   normalizes
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove tags from the database .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  lock   null
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud dns .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a blobinfo blob from file .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the latest manifest of a repository from the repository manifest .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  resolve a code code or a philips code to python imaging .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  change   return
truth:  transform   transform

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  parse the string argument .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  test   compare
truth:  tests   tests

test:  waits for the power to be created .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  request   power

test:  loads the given user .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a short id and returns a id_3 formatted id .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  read the plain text from the plain text .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   count
truth:  count   count

test:  create the glance metadata for the specified volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  add   glance
truth:  update   update

test:  test that an ssl linux can be tested .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  looks   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a string containing an expression into a latex form .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  convert   expression

test:  return the free free path in the system .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  get the pants version of the pants version .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper around flipwritable .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  finds   fn
truth:  flip   null

test:  constitutes the device symlinks symlinks only .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  merges two parsed data .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  nested   merge

test:  sets a log error in the body of a list of known tuples .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  enter   null

test:  returns a slug which can be used to slugify an accumulation .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  strip additional patterns for all patterns .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  return   a
truth:  strip   strip

test:  create and attach a dummy node .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   assert
truth:  create   a

test:  fixture to return a enterprise .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  require   power
truth:  configure   class

test:  given a string .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  string   str
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  extract token from cookie request .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  given   a

test:  translate a wcs to a python object .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  renders a template with its callable as callable .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  register   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the make the yaxis if needed .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  the teams function allows us to match u as vectors .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  text   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  wrap all values in nested dictionaries using nested dictionaries .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  to   iterator

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  return   search
truth:  search   search

test:  calculate the vat number of a string .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  taken   integer
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the geometric conj -- b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   relation

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  return   a

test:  define a form for a basket variable and node .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  gets   example
truth:  tag   tag

test:  solves a solution using the multi-character of a non-square-free stock given a non-square-free function .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test performance of season .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  color   color

test:  return an iterator over the elements of a sequence of values .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  add a help menu to the master repository .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  build a yaml table string for opentype os/2 tables .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  translates a disabled response with a different initial requests and returns the result of the given requests .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  remove   post
truth:  mock   mock

test:  return a form containing the checksum of the original form .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  return   data
truth:  get   get

test:  send an http request .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  output   mode
truth:  null   mode

test:  return something .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel fail and install dependencies of wheels .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   pip

test:  this function creates a working dummy directory for changes the path to the function created with a custom destination that is passed to the function .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  to   function

test:  return the class of the given type code for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   field
truth:  return   field

test:  set a python script inserting a setting from a python script .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  individual insert/commit pairs via the orm .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the internal document for a given document .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the named database is present name the name of the database to remove permission to create the user name of the password of the password on the password
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the file paths of the file .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  http request handling .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  issues   json
truth:  put   put

test:  calculates the value of a variable along an axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  check if a variable is a valid python object .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read a single line of bytes .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  return   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  return a multidict of the given string .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  build   names
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dtlz2 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  we must rooms rooms the css .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  -   -

test:  fetches the ratings for the given exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  fetches   null

test:  tell whether a stack is a debug stack .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  returns   a

test:  object untrash .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  loop   edit
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for cinder qos to appear as a new qos to reach a new qos .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  flatten the input .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  joins   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  check for windows device size .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   size

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  require a request to be *any* if it is not in the context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns only one or more units that are just a set of units .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  get   get

test:  list of all projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  return   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  destroy the provider fw or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  add   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test to ensure that function can be loaded using a few class .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the 2d figure to a 3d one .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   class
truth:  convert   a

test:  return package metadata or directory of a package .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  require   null
truth:  return   return

test:  runs the app for the installed applications .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  if   null
truth:  install   django

test:  sets the pyglet configuration variables for backend operations .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  link   config
truth:  set   gl

test:  given a string containing valid cwd .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  detect   get
truth:  check   check

test:  create a deprecated property for deprecated modules .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  encode a string to utf-8 encoded words .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  encode   unicode
truth:  return   return

test:  setup as a sphinx extension .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  helper to check if were given a theano variable with a theano variable .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  check   number

test:  simple sequences for checking if we are currently inside part of the item .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  if   return
truth:  usage   usage

test:  observations servicerecord .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  rotate   *
truth:  null   version

test:  return details about all elasticache home assistant .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   put
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  validate if the passed in type is a color for passing to this function .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  s   s
truth:  return   a

test:  returns length of code corresponding to the given frame .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should parse a step definition with behave_as .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  check   query
truth:  null   null

test:  return width of image width and height of width .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the name of a file in the directory path .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  pure implementation of the binary number of n bits .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  display   n

test:  return a list of human-readable chunks of a given word object .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  normalize the pack version .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  normalized   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  factory function to create a new coolmagicapplication object .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  setup the mqtt sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  generate a random length of a given secret .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the pid of a given location .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  get   get
truth:  to   try

test:  get the relative path to a resource within a container or directory cli example: .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  solves   crud
truth:  null   manager

test:  make a data structure representing the selected returner .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   data

test:  build the url to build a url .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  setup cover devices .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  release a previously allocated lock on the minion .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   a
truth:  release   release

test:  performs a view function or a template string with the given output .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  render   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate a network or raise if it does not exist .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   a

test:  renders a accordion request .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  render   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type 17 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  remove the virtual environment and place the virtual directory for the given virtualenv .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set the value of an object .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  set   attribute
truth:  function   function

test:  get a file from the given path and try to remove a file .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  provides   load
truth:  read   data

test:  returns manifest by package manifest .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  get   disk
truth:  null   routine

test:  sets the messages on the backend requests requests .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  save   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return the closest date in a list of closest pairs .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  function   function

test:  returns cohort discussion discussion category .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  null   step
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the actual tag as a sequences .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a dict containing limited details of prefetch matching parameters .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wraps a few retry .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  reverse   bson
truth:  null   method

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  ensure   load
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch an image by id .
truth: grab image . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  grab   image

test:  use netmiko to send the dpid of a given request object .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  checking   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  bounce traffic server on all nodes in the cluster .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   text
truth:  bounce   null

test:  undo the event event .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  rotate   move
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes a query .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  make   read
truth:  make   a

test:  returns list of superset names from file .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  get   a
truth:  read   in

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   type
truth:  null   type

test:  performs intervals to be used in color- .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  indices   estimate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  retrieves a key from a dict .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  return   lookup
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return number of square-free polynomial .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the status for a list of locally cli example: .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   set

test:  produce spacing for rectangular review extensions .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  this function is used to get the memory setting .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  required   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  test quantity representation of a quantity .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  testing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the service is configured on the virtual service .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  runs   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given a start bar .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  add   a
truth:  check   check

test:  to put a disk image in its virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  get a unicode string .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  function   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  take a angle object and return the <nested_list> object .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns returns a returns returns adapters if big array is defined .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  whether a user has a web request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create a grid of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   inject
truth:  create   a

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  grain for the system key .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify tests are analogous in conjunctive .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  this should be overriden in a windowing environment if drawing should be done in interactive python mode .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  call   null
truth:  null   performance

test:  get items from os .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the list of modules that contain a given directory and their filenames filenames .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove leading zeros from f .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  returns   verbose
truth:  include   include

test:  return a list of global arguments for the given convenience .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a raw character value to a bytearray using the c{django_objects} character .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  =   type
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of tags that are on the provider .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  list   code
truth:  returns   a

test:  rebuild confidence confidence parameters ar : float value of lagpolynomial .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  emit   information
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  create dummy apps for development .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  sets   logging
truth:  needs   null

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of remote networks .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   method

test:  default between the default library and vispy .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  tests   style
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  feature has scenarios should contain scenarios .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   feature

test:  is the time to get the tree of a certain action .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  context   returns
truth:  return   root

test:  filter a widget by name .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  works   a
truth:  if   check

test:  coerce rule to string .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  change   receiver
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an image to a bitmap string .
truth: return blit . 
test:  returns   layer
truth:  return   return

test:  return the zoneinfo .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  takes a batch of entropy and returns a batch of its labels .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns the total kernel of a read-write entry .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   inverse

test:  only runs on freebsd systems .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  work   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all the backups inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller - needed to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   crud

test:  calculates the generalized distr for an distr operation on the principial distribution parameters nan : ndarray the transformed is the transformed that is the transformed : scalar or array_like .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  run   run

test:  create an ndarray that is even at an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  return the directory path .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   current

test:  test that distances of distances are emitted .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  use   null
truth:  test   values

test:  set the base python modules of a getlines file .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining string options .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set new subtitle file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   new

test:  read p4 definitions from the pipe .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  run   read
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  convert a pandas timestamp to cpu .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  return   redirects
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generates the class name for a class name .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the default float for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  import a module .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  import   import

test:  sum the similarity of similarity as similarity .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  return   cosine

test:  set up & run a publisher from an existing string .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  set   parameters
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper around remotepath .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   uploads
truth:  uploads   a

test:  test that you can be labeled without flags dont have a comparable role that we can have a multi-line role .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  test   up
truth:  tests   tests

test:  performs a string .
truth: return the text . 
test:  text   rows
truth:  return   return

test:  get the logger for the current thread .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  get   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  send an notification email for the provided email .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  send   email
truth:  renders   null

test:  convert a base64 encoded string into a datetime .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  mode that the defaults value is zfs for the big module .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return the last function cloud storage .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  dicts a dictionary with true/false symbol .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  converts   formats
truth:  null   word

test:  creates a directory like the given path and returns it .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  fake   create
truth:  make   directories

test:  turns a single blast file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  compute the jacard distance between a and b .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set the default phase value for the current thread .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse a string according to the months 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  serialize object to unicode .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  returns   object
truth:  object   object

test:  return the transifex job .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a certificate .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  loads   function
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  put to require a single resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   post

test:  return the sql hash used to generate it .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  generates the shared integer based on the sequences of the sequences .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  initialize   a

test:  find executable in the given directory .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a file from the file .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  file   a
truth:  file   file

test:  simulate memory usage in a figure .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  error   memory
truth:  simulate   a

test:  converts a row with a columnize .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  returns the full path to a file on the given environment .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  change   null
truth:  given   a

test:  sets the logging system .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  use   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  blend the source image through post-processing images .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  builds   socket
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a new xor cipher .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  simply runs the output of the messages in the messages .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  func   prints
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: pathignore this plugin allows records on certain push .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  null   mac
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return colormaps for the following art shell .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  work   display
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a message with open give info for open and slave with open .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  build   a

test:  start a trace from a frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  sets   debugging
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sets up the environment .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  initialize   tests
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  performs a single binary map of a dataset .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  calculate   iterator
truth:  apply   a

test:  get the descendants yielding the parent of the parent .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a query which is a structure of the given request .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  remove a directory and all its filename .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert a decimal value into a decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart all registered httpd .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   chocolatey
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  generate a sequence of channel objects that can use the connections .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read data from a file .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  extract the first page from the page text .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  redirect the osf operations and returns the canvas thats .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  split   view
truth:  cut   cut

test:  only load this module if the blockdev utility is installed .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  verifies that the target is admin on the context .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that the column name is small correctly .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  implementation of all paths that represent a list .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  find   a
truth:  match   data

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   root
truth:  get   names

test:  verify that the given name is a {}} {}} .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add a rule to an empty rule .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  edge   metadata
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the average of a graph .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric value to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  pack the data for a usable hgrid .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  use   commit
truth:  pack   pack

test:  return true if git is a valid git sha string .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  convert the given size in bytes to a string .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  validate   text
truth:  null   invariant

test:  plot data in plot of plot .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  create an array of shape from a given shape .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this generator merges up here .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  post   post

test:  plot a figure and a plot .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  display   display

test:  calculates the square square root of an axis .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  sums   elements

test:  returns whether the given category is the place .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  publish the client .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the tensor hashdigest for a string .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  a generator for creating all packages .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  yields   null

test:  return whether the argument is a iterator .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  copy a gcode file from a follow location .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  get   null
truth:  follow   a

test:  helper function that checks that the given symlinks is not a given pattern .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  check   return
truth:  files   files

test:  create the attributes of the list of attributes .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  get   python
truth:  null   helper

test:  restart a container via a new container container container timeout a container timeout cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   container
truth:  restart   a

test:  in the default python docs .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  func   api
truth:  return   parallel

test:  generate a short key for a given id .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the versions of the package .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  null   versions
truth:  get   get

test:  builds a dictionary mapping fully-qualified fully-qualified map to their dependency representation .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  build   a

test:  given a dict .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  takes   pull
truth:  given   one

test:  update or add language in dll/exe file dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  searches the first keys of a text .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  return   function
truth:  search   keys

test:  remove one or more jobs from a job .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  given   a
truth:  clear   background

test:  delete a calendar by querying its associated calendar .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  deletes   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  send a hup to info cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  updates   function
truth:  halt   a

test:  changes the number of bits for a epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  error   reverse
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to run the next function only returns the result as a active thread .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   decorator

test:  servicerecord view page .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  register or replaces the page with the node or redirects to the node .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  like   httperror
truth:  display   display

test:  create a translation that set of all user_ids variables a particular term .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  search   a
truth:  return   return

test:  clears a tensor matrix .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  creates   setup
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns a random string of "length" characters plus the hashes of the string to generate a string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  insert a file .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  file   file

test:  a factory to compile the mode .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  get   get

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  return cgroup mountpoint controller from a container .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  desired   get

test:  return the growing graph with n nodes .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the python codec name corresponding to the given encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  renders a validation for the named validation .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  dump   power
truth:  return   a

test:  gets the service name that the system will use .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  linear activation function :math:varphi(x) = 0 parameters x : float32 the activation .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  order   order
truth:  order   order

test:  parses an creation field with the same name as the date string .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  bundled the given network to make sure that the file is logged as supplied as the network library .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  build   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the versioned id of a field .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generates initializes and [batch for common common versions of image examples .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  find the corresponding partial matching partial score and evaulates .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a pdb script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  debug   a

test:  get the arguments from the user .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  null   no
truth:  supports   null

test:  returns a dict containing the unfulfilled content in the given course milestone .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  write multiple commands to a new site .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  load   bem
truth:  setup   docs

test:  get the primary primary key for the current model .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up and permissions to be created inside the current user .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get the float value for the current compute .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  token   token

test:  get fast by dot product .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  output   assert
truth:  get   get

test:  validate and parse a string for option of type value .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  this function is used to fix the attribute list .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   payload

test:  takes a list of revision and converts it to a dict of revision names .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  build an cyclic pattern that can be used as a python pattern .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   a

test:  add plugins plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   server
truth:  add   a

test:  check opposite of a binary file .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  is   a
truth:  load   in

test:  compares f or more patterns from f .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  using   filter

test:  increment the output of sampling_e by fitnesses .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  if   return
truth:  is   null

test:  create an principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   principal

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return a list of all the given app name .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  create the given tables in all tables .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   create

test:  generate a new .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if text is a pkiz token for use in the css token .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  text   return
truth:  if   null

test:  report view to help report page .
truth: display the report . 
test:  report   folder
truth:  display   display

test:  given a dictionary of key/value pairs .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  mangle location of a loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  direct   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and global state and global state and global state and updates them with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  if a video is available .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  merges   video

test:  this function is called right after the pil image .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  initialize   signals
truth:  null   initializer

test:  determine if a given string is a valid spatio-temporal struct .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the values of a specific binary format .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse authorization grant header into a dict with the value and the wsgi key .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for caching tests .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  null   variant

test:  sets up a source file .
truth: helper function . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  collect page names and plot .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  null   html
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  returns swap attempts to use only one or more pkg .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the natural logarithm of the gamma function .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  principal components in the line named observations .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  calculate   rms
truth:  normalize   a

test:  check if printing is installed .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  command   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the instance of the instance currently installed .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  require a view user .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  error   a
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of custom table sql .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create filtering filtering that relates this querys instance entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  filtering   filtering
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  returns the state of a given status code .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  map   map

test:  return the lc_messages locale path .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the state modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  report   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the candidate directory of the user and loads the fileserver environment variable .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  calculate   setup
truth:  generate   a

test:  alias for pickle .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  uses   uses

test:  convert a raw node to the native python object .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a sympy sympy string to a sympy integer .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  send a realm for the specified user .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  disconnect   groups
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  iterates over a list of values .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  given   storage

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains iterable .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  trunc call .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  null   strips
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  extracts package name from "pkg list -v" output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  see url .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  null   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   return
truth:  function   function

test:  set new user for the requested request .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  creates a virtual environment on the given virtual machine and decode it to the logs .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  header   build
truth:  create   create

test:  register a storage storage backend .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  release the release to release of the git .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  uninstall   test
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   limit
truth:  limit   limit

test:  not yet .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  a decorator that can be called before reloading the test .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  decorate   method
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by millisecond .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  null   datetime
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  shutdown a domain to the system via the minion .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  send   a

test:  returns a iterators with whether the specified permission was protected .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  list the versions for the given function .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  list renderers from the renderers .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return a new private key for a given key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  translate   a

test:  returns a list of securitygroupname .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the preferred time zone .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  verify that all methods have the same number of expansion .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  null   discover
truth:  url   url

test:  generate an adapter adapter script name .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  list all sizes sizes on the provider .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   cloud

test:  returns the base stride with opattern .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  match   null
truth:  base   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a reference to get the maximum of a given context .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  start the global qwebsettings .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  start   null
truth:  debug   debug

test:  ignores a single wsgi request and throw if any exception during the given message .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  to   reverse
truth:  run   program

test:  step that a file is a valid file .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  verifies   format
truth:  creates   a

test:  print a diff .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  loads a module and retrieve the module .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alternative

test:  check that tuples contains only valid indices .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  if   null
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns whether the object is iterable and not a scalar .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  give a list of authentication names to be a service or by the named container .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  returns the full site path to the user-specific folder .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return the intersection of the graph that exist in g .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  completely clear svnfs repos in the repository .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the unpause dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  pop image threshold from local histogram .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add list of to the course enrollment enrollment list .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  get   a
truth:  append   course

test:  read normal names and use as a table with col .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  check   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of matches against the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  matching   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  c{kwargs} for xlsx2py device .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  to   logger
truth:  set   set

test:  given a numpy dtype .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  converts   graph
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  powers   powers

test:  manage a summary of requirements requirements .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  display   a

test:  add units to its enabled units .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  add   no
truth:  to   null

test:  runs the pip plugin with the right status .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  run   a
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get the path to the app .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  base64 decodes data and then base64 .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  use   encode
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  naive version of combinations .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize the global logging handler .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  setup   intersections
truth:  init   init

test:  test whether we can remove a directory from the filesystem .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  cleanup   remove
truth:  clean   up

test:  pathnames pathnames .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  hook a warning on a file; file .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  run   hook
truth:  to   hook

test:  get the process that was init from the given process .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the first child of the data .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  validate a series of the most appropriate series .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  if   argument
truth:  check   check

test:  returns 8-bit 8-bit hash of the supplied 8-bit value .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  to   null
truth:  string   string

test:  performs neighbor correction font correlation coefficient with trimmed cdf parameters olsresiduals : array_like .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  null   stream
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  raise an interactive exception if the interactive interactive method is invalid .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  del the named broadcast .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  clear any existing review apps .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  revert   null

test:  convert c number of indices into each symbol .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  indices   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the client id from the given scope .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  return   client
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hexdump -> str takes a byte string and returns a byte list of printing each unique time .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the poetry and invoke the poem from the poetry .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the fourier sequence in a sequence .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  performs   lookup
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a contingency matrix for contingency clusters .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  import   a
truth:  build   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing a dictionary of pairs .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  find the index indices in a sequence .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  translate   lists
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return dict where keys are lines in the line number table .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  convert real matrices into correct python source space .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  estimate   factor
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the current access token for the given token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  matches   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split the arguments string into a list of positional and the ones .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   a

test:  get the db ip .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   send

test:  get the group id of a group .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx links .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  retrieves information about the image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  get   information
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract translatable info from a list of image files .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  extract   unpack
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a new *rules function that passes the given expression to provide a *rules .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  result   result

test:  install acl on header .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  install   install
truth:  import   import

test:  deprecated: send report to pseudo-remainder report .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   auto

test:  get the generator for the reverse reverse of a resources .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the distance between two token .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check the package additions .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  server   virtualbox
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  make the given projection of the median .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function for :func:dup_decompose .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   square
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  update weekly stats of user with given user_id .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  gets   stats
truth:  save   statistics

test:  differentiate polynomial f p in k[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   square
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parse the parameters .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   parameters
truth:  parse   parse

test:  negate a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  negate   a
truth:  make   null

test:  test download exit status code when blank requirements specified .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  null   downloads
truth:  download   download

test:  geometric average mean between list and other inputs .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  take   null

test:  converts a datetime to local time in a url .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  get an adapter adapter adapter adapter .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  remove top-level smaller smaller of :func:pbkdf2_bin docstrings docstrings .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  remove   state
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  decode base64 encoded base64 string .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  using   decoder

test:  return a list of the email addresses that should be cancelled .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  memoize decorator .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  memoize   a
truth:  is   null

test:  my profile .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  null   view
truth:  render   render

test:  computes the maximum likelihood estimator .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  computes   request
truth:  null   vectors

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initialize   normalize
truth:  initializes   null

test:  get the current entrypoint entrypoint .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  the log .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  assign a random text id to the given digits .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reset to a users the database .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  reset   limits
truth:  running   running

test:  return the encoding in the aliases file .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  resolves   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert all functions of a upper string into a different scores .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  initialize   stop
truth:  compose   null

test:  given a api keys .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  given   get
truth:  gets   information

test:  return a list of dictionaries with the given value removed .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   lists
truth:  filters   a

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply the inverse of epochs .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  calculates the harmonic mean correlation coefficient and policy values .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the moment of the lower value for the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split the locale for a specific locale .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  format   a

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   nd
truth:  use   nd

test:  generate indexing chunks from a chunks of indexing chunks .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  null   frappe
truth:  null   chunk

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if matplotlib installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  craft a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  validate that namespace by name is valid .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  name   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the configuration options to use .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if this variable is a scalar .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a subtensor of two n-d arrays .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  null   return
truth:  compare   a

test:  makes a flask response with a response appropriate for the given template_name .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  websocket endpoint; checks if the user has the authentication .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  function   function
truth:  get   service

test:  takes a utc datetime and returns a formatted date formatted as a formatted date string .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   a

test:  remove an item from a zone .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  get the name of the installer .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  returns   details
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function for removing local memory .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  null   query
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a message to a pushover user .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  post   a
truth:  send   a

test:  builds the hover hover .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   tixexfileselectbox
truth:  null   null

test:  set the global store .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  synchronize   set
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error is raised when the class is unknown .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  insert a list into the database .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  import   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   virtual
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return an iterator that yields a paths matching a filesystem path .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   null

test:  setup the introduction component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  adds indentation to text level in the context of the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  indentation   indentation
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return a groups activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the direct item of the given filename .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the path to the module .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  get   get

test:  truncate a list of statsmodels .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  determine   get
truth:  truncate   window

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  control   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  activate keyboard cost cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   current

test:  return a list of paths parent files found inside a given title .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  remove   install
truth:  strip   a

test:  obfuscate the #144 by at the given level .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends a command to exit .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return the current device .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  download an object from s3 file .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  outputs   one

test:  calculate the variance from a list of values .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the confusion matrix .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  rules   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific login login handler .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a uuid .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  generate   find
truth:  generate   a

test:  bayesian information criterion parameters effect_size : float estimate of the loglikelihood in the multivariate case of observations df_modelwc : float in the multivariate case of the loglikelihood sum .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  null   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  filters multiple images - targets - targets to hidsums to .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  build a class from the name of the messages .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  password   a
truth:  create   create

test:  setup a function that accepts a docker configuration .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  config   multiple
truth:  setup   setup

test:  upload a file to the bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  upload   a

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  call   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   returns
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  max the key of a repository of a repository of the received repository .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  null   key
truth:  null   key

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  try to get the local ip address for use with the given address or none if the local ip has the target .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture that returns cpu backend using backend .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  returns the list of unique elements in the given tree .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  fetches   shorthand
truth:  turn   null

test:  load *plugins output from scheduled list of plugins .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  named   load

test:  test whether any email failed .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  null   test
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  read data from ssh .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  sleep   null
truth:  read   read

test:  query a callback to query by memoize and query arguments .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  have   null

test:  check astropy of and fix elements of a .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns a string of positive integers .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  verifies that a string is present .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes the message to the java .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  check if a continuous query exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the current inbound .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   version

test:  matrix x .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  compare   region
truth:  draws   null

test:  clear the rate limiting limit for the specified user .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  ensures   entry
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the metadata for a given course_id and sets it as a dictionary .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   metadata
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  list the pyenv versions of the user cli example: .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all file names matching a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  float   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send mounted on a network interface cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   network

test:  convert space to one-hot .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  null   infile
truth:  create   a

test:  copy the directories and need to an existing directory .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  call   one
truth:  create   a

test:  a replacement for the search_projects_by_title pipe .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  using   migration

test:  unpickle a file .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  extracts   information

test:  load drivers for an already .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata type for given server type .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   tests

test:  fixture that returns a mixin table for the mixin table .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   fixture

test:  code assist .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   python

test:  this method will return a conditional game in the main page .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   use

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a new child group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  wrapper for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  look   *
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if features is installed .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  use   null
truth:  to   null

test:  annotate a list of lists .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  determine if the point of a point is in a single point .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  recursively resolve all anno in the given task .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  return the template string for a template .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a list of dictionaries from a key/value dictionary .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  get   null
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  given a key for the message and the values as a string .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  purge   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the special text representation of the flattened url .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check and set the given location .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double into a double integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  read ros handshake header for ros .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  read   unpack
truth:  read   in

test:  logout handler .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  logout   logout

test:  get the primary primary code at the source code .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   source
truth:  return   python

test:  default data has been moved to support data .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the argument is xpath .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  tests   return
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  get a copy of the data .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  is   null

test:  merge dicts from one dict .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute the contents of a dir and return it as a list of absolute contents of the hidden directory .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return a json representation of a python string .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  deletes timings and other entities .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  stored   null

test:  initialize the console logging .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various lag names for python interpreter .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  builds   integer
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  to   string
truth:  value   value

test:  get the 'mri' parameters from a string .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the given xml and parse it as a tuple .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   encoding
truth:  parse   parse

test:  this function processes out the custom model class and that should be used .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  runs up the theme and delete rqt installed on the theme .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  generate   start
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the list of directories in the directories that an startup .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test source {category_value:index_of_sample_with_that_value} .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  enable the use of microsites during the startup script .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  enable   calls
truth:  prepare   null

test:  restful crud controller - needed to allow mobile assessment only .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the shortcut in the current environment .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the url with a prefix .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  return authenticated user configuration .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  get   user
truth:  gets   a

test:  get all volumes for a given volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   volume

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  setup the demo climate platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a generator which yields the last blocks of a sequence .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  test bistochastic test .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  test   accepts
truth:  check   check

test:  return the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  train a random |target_dicts| .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  write   slices
truth:  loads   null

test:  decorator to wait for a method to become a handler .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert stashed to a string .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  replaces   html
truth:  extract   null

test:  add logging for the _expm_multiply_* audit not have built .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the url to the given url .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  translate   return
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the mentions from a string .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   find

test:  calculate the *_no_command backoff value of a backoff backoff .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  use   null
truth:  null   timeout

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  finds source and returns them in a source .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  match   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  test the secondary line secondary .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  if   check
truth:  test   line

test:  make a command on the local instance or initialiser it as the original module .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  set   data_start
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a proxied url to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   url
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an iterable of sets of elements of size .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the maximum number of struct_declarator_list positions in a list of recursively .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns list of files for the given folder and files .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  return the cover that the cover name for all cover .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  find   a

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compile a regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  change   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  execute an apache api version cli example: .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  return   set
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of all installed directories for all installed modules .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   volumes
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  get the digit digit digit number for the given number .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  calculates   null

test:  convert a variable to a variable .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  null   setup
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   information

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  compare different baseline blocks .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  save the migration to the given instance .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   schedule
truth:  save   migration

test:  run a command and return its pipeline .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   null

test:  get document info .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  to   attempt

test:  checks if a file looks like a python module .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  to   return
truth:  if   null

test:  simplest possible headers and place them into a docker headers .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  monkey-patch the projects and values for an ast node .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  return   region
truth:  patches   patches

test:  send e-mail when a reply is created .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   send

test:  make the correct benchmark of the whole addresses .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  estimate   test
truth:  measure   measure

test:  if the unique resource is an instance of a nick .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  redirect to a given document .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  null   urls

test:  validate the authmechanism and create them in a http response .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  raise   a

test:  compute the log of a logistic linear logistic model .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encrypt text using public ssh .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  text   information
truth:  text   text

test:  fixture providing a fakewebtab object using a graphviz configuration file object .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  test   test

test:  change control inbox page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  sent   page
truth:  received   messages

test:  its named user has a permission for its ~/ .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if graphs are isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  parse   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if we can cache configured on a system .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns whether the named service is enabled .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  uninstall an effect of the task by obj_python_attrs() .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register sample function to be executed at exit .
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  task add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert two list of lists into one big tuples .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make a thumbnail in a aspect thumbnail with a background image with a given thumbnail with a new image with a new image with a new image with a given
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   a

test:  test if we can test if it is already installed .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a graph that can be converted into a naive offset .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a utf-8 string to bytes .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  string   string

test:  find the sqeuclidean dot product of 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   converts
truth:  computes   null

test:  checks the plugin and execute the plugin .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  set   override
truth:  null   plugins

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  update a user context .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  fail   updates
truth:  context   context

test:  test working_copy() with a working copy .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   puids
truth:  submit   null

test:  use line spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  require project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   bar
truth:  require   foo

test:  set the state of the state to the state .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  gets a list of file names from the results in the given list of results .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  landing page for webclient .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   page

test:  redirect to a given request .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  constructs   user
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test if a filename is a str or a file .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  check that the anchor has been sha1sum using a valid hash .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   check
truth:  reads   html

test:  check if its possible to determine if the object is a tuple of get/create .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  bind the given parameters .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  like   filter
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the identity nodes of the given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  small_stmt : simple_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   compound_stmt

test:  sends an score score to one call .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  send   changes
truth:  create   create

test:  get the maximum element obtained by a x .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  reshape an iterator into a sequence of sequences .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  run   null
truth:  like   itertools

test:  encode a cert in jose form .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   jose
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  this function is used by the list of [a and == any runs it in the locale .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  search   return
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if there are allowed to be allowed in the given view .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  convert   parameters
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the cross sigmoid function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  join   attribute
truth:  cross   cross

test:  set the path to the path .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  setting   set
truth:  set   set

test:  capture the output of the sites event loop .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  notify   help
truth:  shut   null

test:  get a specific sm flavor .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  only load this module if keystone is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute <= the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  attr_gt   attr_gt

test:  function to return the list of route53 for the right template the questions are returned in the order of their position in the template .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  to   function

test:  check if the named container is enabled for the user .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   imports
truth:  avoid   null

test:  x is n*m matrix x .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test for sklearn support .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  null   line
truth:  make   null

test:  connect to amazon machine learning .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as user attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test the hitting method .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  runs   a

test:  explicitly return all modules defined in the given module .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  null   null

test:  main function to load a data from a url .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  url   fetch
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a copy of the string .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  list all updates that have been upgrade .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  return   watch
truth:  function   function

test:  return the contents of a file .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  transform t by del_chunks into multiple pairs .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  to   transform
truth:  named   add

test:  sends email using djangos send_mail functionality .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  send   send
truth:  context   context

test:  break the given list into an iterable of pairs .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a relative tag from the rpm tag .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  encode   version
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the interactive status .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  return the actual file type .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  download   download

test:  does the node represent a tuple .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  if   null
truth:  does   null

test:  remove project ready from global start .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get the word after the word .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the given flags is update .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  wrap a function or a get parameter from a file .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  passing a string to a mass html object .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  execute a hadoop command on a remote host .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  command   a
truth:  command   command

test:  compose a 3d kernel of the datapoints of a 3d hypothesis .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  factors   compare
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the path to the widget containing the widget .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  apply   metagenomeseqs
truth:  run   deseq2

test:  computes the paired manhattan distances between x and y .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  document follows .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  returns   arrays
truth:  to   null

test:  test that initializing from a setting value using a setting that doesnt exist in any way .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  returns true if the input is a two protocol .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   test

test:  returns the oid that is allowed to sql .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate the middle of the minute of class known labels .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  calculate   crop
truth:  pads   null

test:  a convenience wrapper for the training training .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  block   prints
truth:  write   a

test:  determine if a procedure is a gcode text .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator that returns a callback with the given value .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  a generic spam spam spam spam .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  replace temporary setting of a repository with a temporary setting .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  order   returns
truth:  apply   apply

test:  convert an image into network inputs within a line and rois .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return an iterable of all predicate that have been not been not been committed .
truth: like common . 
test:  call   connect
truth:  like   like

test:  execute the command .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  match   color
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure the given launch cluster is deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   delete
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator to define a underlying length .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  color   power
truth:  generates   a

test:  table groups .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  test   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure we can do not try to connect to all the actual files .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  issue   test
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  create a cursor from a cursor .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  trailing   a
truth:  work   work

test:  default view showing list of cookies .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  validate   handler
truth:  null   a

test:  parse the current log statement .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  compiles   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  connect to a udp and return the result as a deferred .
truth: send an email . 
test:  null   send
truth:  send   send

test:  adds a new note with note which adds the current note that the firebase note that the firebase request .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  updates a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  hex   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  get vector3 vertexes from paths .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts a string to a native string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  solves the general quadratic quadratic form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a db or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the title or a url .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  function   title
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of tuples given the settings object .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  return   like
truth:  get   get

test:  create or return if a exists and exists .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert an internal id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  sends an xml connection .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   vlc
truth:  gets   vlc

test:  parses a network details .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  perform   network
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a string in the registry .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  parsing   template_complex
truth:  template   template

test:  returns the resource type for a bootstrap resource type and type .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   resource

test:  removes a directory .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  normalize a path .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  normalize   a

test:  get hosts and joins tests in a single directory .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get span loop from the last location from the line .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  loop   get
truth:  to   add

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  consume both branch and de-duplicates .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  run   lists
truth:  switch   switch

test:  shutdown a running system with last_update .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  send a delete request for the lifecycle .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns true if this builds are valid .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  view returning the amalgamates .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  set   null
truth:  return   return

test:  filter out child users home directory .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  return   get
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get files recursively which have a paths of the file paths .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  look   publisher
truth:  get   publisher

test:  returns true if g g is a distance regular xml regular expression .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a tab tab .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls the interpreter method .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  verify that a gpg user is valid .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  verify   create
truth:  verify   a

test:  n-dimensional geometric transform using a provided mapping .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  calculate   find
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if key exists .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   check

test:  rename an account .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  pulls   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  custom page to fetch the http request header .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  dump   return
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface cli example: .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  create a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  adds warning handler .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  move   null
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  retrieve info on a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  show   a
truth:  null   a

test:  common code to convert a abs abs to docstring .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  test that the basics gl backend is present .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   app

test:  generate a set of sequences of samples .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   password
truth:  generate   generate

test:  helper function to retrieve the git pillar from the git .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  initialize   one
truth:  clear   null

test:  yields a bucket that resets its actual acl after the test completes .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  yields   a

test:  convert a time in seconds to a human readable format .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   integer

test:  iterate over all shared info in the given directory .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  yield   info

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  get disk counters from disk .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  return   disk

test:  make a directory .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  make sure a middleware is valid at a valid middleware .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  depth   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  process the target by the manipulationfunction .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  open   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a dictionary with notifications and notifications since user notifications .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  load an object by name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   module
truth:  object   object

test:  decorator to check its input is a setup .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a list of datastores to use .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  default function for doing the current runtime environment .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   current

test:  returns true if all strings is a regular expression .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   a
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a pep 440-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders a template and fires the template and the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   template
truth:  renders   null

test:  make sure that we can decorate a problem as expected .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  run   order
truth:  =   =

test:  return list of stored statistics for a meter .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   project
truth:  return   return

test:  convert attribute to a list of dictionaries .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  list   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  run connected '127 .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  run   default
truth:  run   run

test:  usage: lx decode-url view .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  null   history
truth:  display   display

test:  set up a grade vertices for command-line-based vertices .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  select   populate
truth:  get   tris

test:  school restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   basins
truth:  null   crud

test:  create listeners for a listeners .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   saml
truth:  create   listeners

test:  python module to change the os .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test convergence of discrete lyapunov .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  test   test

test:  test precision .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator that insures a function always returns a delay instance .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  fetches cmd in a rar process .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  null   strip
truth:  null   null

test:  attempt to get the current working directory .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user to database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  wait for the element to be either for the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  clears globally installed command .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  makes sure that the next egl has been set .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate an input file with given train and write colors to a file .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  execute a python module in a regular expression .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  asserts   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  this is a task called if two results in a parallel process is run .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  receives   merge
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  a convenience function to generate an class of a class .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets all fixed ips from a virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  helper function to resolve an mro by name .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register a new connection and return the wsgi application .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  parsed   a
truth:  return   return

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a pound character (#) followed by a new line ( requirement: * useful useful to bypass several web application firewalls with a new line
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  warn all files that are not met .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  ensure   find
truth:  prints   prints

test:  receive a service that matches the service .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes a grep line ends in the definition .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  check   a
truth:  called   null

test:  remove sphinx or random root directory .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  returns   paths

test:  retrieves the grains from the network device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an unused port on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  produces a copy of dictionary from an "key" dictionary .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  split a path into a directory and the filename .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  splits   version
truth:  get   get

test:  do a direct client .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   collection
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a string containing the number of a 1s .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  return   checking
truth:  value   value

test:  update all attributes of the resource fields as well as well by the values .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  return   return

test:  performs a blaze expression on a sympy expression .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  press the keyboard button for muting instance .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   stop
truth:  start   start

test:  returns a list of *locale codes .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a migration or raise if it does not exist .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  operation for chain conversions .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  test   rechunking
truth:  try   rechunking

test:  quick keys in a hash .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replaces each keyword character with random case value tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  complete   null

test:  asks a string as fileorname .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  to   find
truth:  pickled   unpickle

test:  create a new private server certificate .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   in
truth:  start   cherrypy

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args

test:  test that a configuration file can be initialized with a video global configuration path .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  set up the sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  add   create
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the prefix for the user metadata type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the bound distance between the given vectors .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  l2 decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  null   indices
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  convert a numpy array into a flattened array .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  converts   converts

test:  send event for events .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  draw   usage
truth:  emit   events

test:  test unicode axes can be a unicode axes .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  complete xonfig xonfig .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  complete   a
truth:  null   completion

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  validating of all node databases databases .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  see   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses the given port description .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  import and return a module to be imported .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  prints   import
truth:  to   attempt

test:  input a theano variable .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  value   value

test:  return an iterator that yields a paths matching a filesystem path .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  search for a list of python modules .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  use   a
truth:  searches   python

test:  returns true if p is algebraic .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   versions
truth:  return   return

test:  get the user url for a dashboard .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  default   default

test:  convert a string to an ipv6 address .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  given   null
truth:  leading   strip

test:  parse /etc/hosts file and return dict of current user objects .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  parse   load
truth:  parse   parse

test:  resets the specified condition and obtained by the current switch .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  label   line
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a file:// tree tree by boolean objects into a list of html files .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   find
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  mask   mask

test:  a convenience function for the addon addon .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  null   stores
truth:  null   null

test:  compute outfile threads .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wrap a given name and returns it .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  retrieve   part
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns true if key has no key .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  if   name
truth:  return   return

test:  check that "hubble" is protected against objects where against other configuration is a certificate on the genuine .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  send request request to the admin api .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  request   a
truth:  make   null

test:  checks if a string is decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the full pkgfiles modules .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  kruskal flag .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  parse   atomic
truth:  calculate   kruskal

test:  return a random element with func func .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the uri prefix from the path .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  removes   html
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return info on unknown systems lsmod cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read a evokeds file .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  evoked   read

test:  check if the controller was made in the 3166-1 .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  use   plugin
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a wrapper around inline .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  builds a dictionary which is an markup; expression .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  makes this plugin non-gcable :type cls: class :rtype: dict .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  rendered   decorator
truth:  disables   instance

test:  attach a queryset of users as each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   roles

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   rgb

test:  options nit : int .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  make a projs operator that encodes the given ch .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  create   create

test:  decode raw data to raw bytestring .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  decode   returns
truth:  base64   base64

test:  set the analyze prime to serve the original image and cache the original prime prime .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   temporary
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  escape special html characters .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the date from astropy .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  get   a
truth:  convert   day

test:  pad all values in an iterable collection that are not exhausted .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  records an object .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  do   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  cm service accept section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  complete   request
truth:  null   null

test:  return true for a domain .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set movie position as percentage .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  use   media
truth:  set   movie

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as a % b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  null   diff
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change control documents page .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to run module in nominated namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  encodes the base64 input to output_dir .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get or create anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  creates   in
truth:  open   open

test:  logs out the login user .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  log   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  return the current time in win32 .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   return

test:  nice -> string return a nice version of s .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  unicode   elements
truth:  null   representation

test:  returns the given html string used for way: compatibility .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  replaces   converts
truth:  remove   html

test:  generates the commented and return it .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper to thin .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  provides   pairs
truth:  get   memory

test:  maps maps sorted units to direction direction maps .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  get   comparison
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the symbol used by the given arguments .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the warning warning for the current thread and code .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  deprecated   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given the system point .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  parse an http comma header into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a dataset .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse the method from the list of class .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get bytes from wsgi environment .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   a

test:  read epochs as epochs object .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  read   read
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a file exists on the current platform .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  extract a any possible fields from the command line .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extracts   pull
truth:  extracts   strings

test:  mean squared error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <mean_absolute_error> .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  null   loss
truth:  squared   mean

test:  get equation for rectangular .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  control   view
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller list / add question services .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a list of all feed entries from the given url .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  tell the elements of a list .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  list   a
truth:  divides   a

test:  return the sortkey object for a given item .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sorting   key

test:  get the base directory where ipython itself is installed .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  set cart price list provided party .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   default
truth:  set   price

test:  return true if we should wait for the managed managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  check the contents of the text html for the given html .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test that a non user performs a valid user has an appropriate user .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  config   null
truth:  config   config

test:  get the volume type for a volume type .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  perform   utility
truth:  determines   null

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  take a string containing a sequence of bytes .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  return   map
truth:  null   uid

test:  retrieves and parse y data from four data .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   maximum

test:  set up the concord232 alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register an interpreted role text as an optional handler .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  retrieve host groups according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  host   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  retrieves the list of recent jobs based on the given job .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  returns   fetch
truth:  get   a

test:  install or upgrade grubby version .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  install   sphere
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform basic auth .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   cherrypy
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  set the title of the current axis to *s* .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  to   set
truth:  set   a

test:  check to see if passed to this path is missing .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  output   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  upload files from remote remote host .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  populate   storage
truth:  files   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid *xx .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the current transaction .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   a
truth:  puts   null

test:  writes a single file with the given key .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  null   implementation

test:  remove tags from the specified resource .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  given   migrate
truth:  delete   metadata

test:  breaks a command and returns an iterator of merging the path to the mercurial repository encoding .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  stop   wrapper
truth:  command   command

test:  test numpy import series .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  test that expression is shown .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  pop   null
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test hitting loc .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  insert   checking
truth:  test   test

test:  this is not require a main function .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  view   view
truth:  apply   apply

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  encode encode two strings .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  null   metric
truth:  converts   a

test:  it should extract a single step that should be ignored .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  install a package link in the returning a container path to the given student is given in the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  function   install
truth:  install   new

test:  yaml: zulip trigger builds tasks requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <claim+plugin> plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  null   xml
truth:  null   null

test:  demarta demarta for tawn .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  mixed   null

test:  return the canonical path of a resource that contains .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generates the overlap overlap table for the given table .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   case
truth:  make   null

test:  add a user to a profile .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  signal   new
truth:  make   null

test:  return a dict of environment configuration files for a directory .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the group id to a string containing the group name or id .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  converts a datetime to a maskdef image .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the path to the movie .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  used   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  both the middleware and an http request .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  returns a form field for the current thread .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  formats   returns
truth:  noop   noop

test:  evaluate traffic for a certificate cli example: .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  put   metadata

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of available paths .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update the quotas for a tenant quota .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  modified spherical bessel function jn(z) .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  counts   null
truth:  null   bessel

test:  remove all tasks from a task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  download a interpreter and determine the result of a function .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  run   pylint

test:  send a email to a new email address .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  account   a
truth:  given   a

test:  take the solution .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  unquotes   multiple
truth:  is   null

test:  make sure config files are sent with the same name .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  construct   returns
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  gets the location of all the custom location details .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function for creating a file with a given path .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  writes   images
truth:  write   test

test:  if the matplotlib dataset is set to a matplotlib dataset .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  test   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a javascript password .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  fetch ami for the given instance .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  deletes   build
truth:  null   nodes

test:  return the configured migrate command .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the arguments for a given key .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  split   information
truth:  substitute   a

test:  get list of hosts for each service in the given datacenter .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if there is a directory containing astropy at given vector .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  work   up
truth:  return   return

test:  yield pieces of a file .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  null   return
truth:  chunks   chunks

test:  produce the name of the dictionary .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  left   null

test:  implement text or filename .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  input   null
truth:  return   a

test:  display an error message .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  queries   display
truth:  null   method

test:  run code in brackets mode .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  make   runs
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns true if the current database should be profiles .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  checks to see if the account exists .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  to   null
truth:  check   check

test:  call the given callback repository .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  calling   calls
truth:  runs   runs

test:  ldflags signal to keep application .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  to   indices
truth:  extract   a

test:  sample from an array of sequences .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  sample   task
truth:  samples   samples

test:  removes a credential from the tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   lists
truth:  removes   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  create a new disk size and returns it .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  check the list of reservations instances .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  report   logs
truth:  report   report

test:  encoding/gaussianization function to be used in javascript code .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  use   map
truth:  set   up

test:  return the native range from a range header .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   range

test:  test various invalid matrix conversion .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  takes a list of bits and makes a packed string .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  validate the value for a certain width of a given width .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the firetv sensor .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   multiple
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager to temporarily create a temporary directory .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  context   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns equation of a algorithm; shell .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  get the class of a specific class .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this function returns a dictionary of torrent that have been executed .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   torrent

test:  converts a file containing the maximum functions to a set of brackets .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  sends the dumpconf configuration state .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  rehash   null
truth:  write   null

test:  function for displaying expressions generated in the sympy .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the mac address configured by the pci device .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list zones added for or enabled zones cli example: .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  list   everything

test:  execute an image on a imview shell .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   version

test:  retrieves the grains from the network device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a scalar function .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   options

test:  formats the date to match the rfc1123 date format .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if filename can be a zipfile .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   check
truth:  see   null

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  calls a function in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  use   a
truth:  function   function

test:  handles all the command-line arguments in the given environment .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  loads   update
truth:  create   create

test:  ordereddict ordereddict in yaml dump .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  represent   returns
truth:  represent   null

test:  returns the synset distance .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  null   url
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a bond3 scalar to a geojson-suitable scalar .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   mx

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  return   datetime

test:  reload the storage storage policy from configuration .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   policies

test:  check to make sure the partition exists cli example: .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  ensure   null

test:  subscribe a potentially engine to the specific engine .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  config   handler

test:  sets a new commit to managed changes .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  based   commit
truth:  changes   changes

test:  converts a list of ints to a series of ints .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   candidate

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  raises importerror if the given instance does not exist .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the contents of the named file .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the current user .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert the uri in the uri returned by radial_gradient or oob .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  evaluate 3d 3d tensor using legendre polynomial given derivatives .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  function   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  test version .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create the new dataset for a dataset .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  create   latex
truth:  restricts   null

test:  convert email address to system email .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  ensures   lists
truth:  sending   sending

test:  return a widget for the application .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  input   entity
truth:  return   return

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  gets a task user object .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  returns   a

test:  raise the avatars of sdb on parallel .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  error   error

test:  add f to f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  put the number of due date in the cluster .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  null   i
truth:  null   i

test:  given a uri .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  run   a
truth:  look   up

test:  check if the art similarity of os .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  if   delete
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  returns the current file number .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  purge fastly and remove all of its inferred pages .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   download
truth:  purge   null

test:  convert a string to a value suitable for use in an integer .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return a certificates for option .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   auth

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   a

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  update   update
truth:  set   set

test:  gets the node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  reads the images in pil format using a file .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   read

test:  delete volume cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   volume
truth:  delete   volume

test:  returns the given html value .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the similarity between two base .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  calculate   responses
truth:  null   calculation

test:  update user location .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  given   uses
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register a function to be called when an event is raised .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  registers   register

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   import
truth:  selects   a

test:  add a new devices to the switch .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  null   use
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a pid exists in the pid provided .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  null   return
truth:  check   check

test:  return the currently active magic magic string .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the list of all the collection assigned to the given collection .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  finds all the corresponding "node" where the current page should yet a new line .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  defines   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  provides the "canned" value of a configuration variable .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   parts

test:  open a given filename .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   name
truth:  open   a

test:  determine if a path is inside another loop .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  uninstall a node .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a table with empty columns in the c c view generates a u for the votable tree .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  decorating   test
truth:  null   null

test:  displays a line .
truth: print line . 
test:  remove   in
truth:  print   line

test:  ensure that the review groups are valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  null   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  returns a string describing provided data in graph6 format .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the behavior of --editable --outdated in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  copies a file from a url to an url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  return   s
truth:  create   a

test:  update the specified data .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  null   update
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a list of scopes to a scope string .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  calculate time series for use in something that are jump as a time steps .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  null   a
truth:  order   order

test:  execute the actual suspend of the object .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  disconnect   manager
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse an http authentication token into a 2-tuple of the form .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  template   template

test:  reset http user-agent by the http .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  reset   server
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  namespaces factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  determines if the given c module is marked as the current system .
truth: aux function . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  a log error on failure .
truth: log os . 
test:  error   null
truth:  log   os

test:  copy function or function at the given name and copy .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  create   a

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to a dictionary .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  converts   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is the main function for use in the ui .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  null   service
truth:  function   function

test:  xdg_data_home score loss for brier .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   array
truth:  compute   compute

test:  tests the temp command to see if it exists .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  command   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a python class given a python class .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   duration

test:  move the given protocol from the connections to the left .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the image from the given image .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  sets   color
truth:  change   change

test:  return an empty string .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  parse one of the large formatters .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  run   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a droplet .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  transform the probe from the given definition name .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  return   null
truth:  maps   maps

test:  convert a canonical string in bytes to bytes .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  take   a

test:  open or create database at path given by *file* .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given list of language codes in a context variable in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets app .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  testing   logging
truth:  setup   setup

test:  filter the dimensions of a matrix .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  null   predicate
truth:  converts   v

test:  helper method for parsing an ssh token .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  use   null
truth:  set   configuration

test:  tests to make sure the api is raised when creating a new api itself .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  returned   user
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  return   metadata

test:  serve the draft form for the draft .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  view   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create an event service .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  mount   a

test:  subtracts the exit queries for the database queries .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  queries   queries

test:  parse the response from a readmodifywriterow request and return a python dictionary .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  adds succefully kind of the multibody kind to a template .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  null   loops
truth:  convert   convert

test:  list the envs backend that belong to a given backend .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create vector vectors for continuous random vector .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  create   create

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   up
truth:  build   up

test:  create and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return the binary string for the given filepath .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  gets   reading
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a tuple containing the items of the given iterable object .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   a

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  replace   utf-8
truth:  null   windows

test:  sparseblockouter -> sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  null   sparseblockouter
truth:  null   null

test:  determines if the search_path should be refreshed by checking if the sql has set search_path .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update an existing repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  update   update
truth:  execute   null

test:  run all half of the quota .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   flake8

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   momentum

test:  attach a block storage volume name cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   block
truth:  attach   a

test:  set up a test suite of a local feature .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse hyperbolic cosecant .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   null
truth:  change   change

test:  resets nodes fakedrivers fakedrivers node list .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   fakedrivers
truth:  resets   fakedrivers

test:  return final status of statuses .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  return   callback
truth:  get   get

test:  return path to access directories are doctest at once .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  search   search

test:  test scrapy a module level .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  verify   null

test:  create a class that renders an <spider> engine .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  return   connection
truth:  produce   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  returns a list of restful crud controller .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  null   command
truth:  provides   null

test:  get a list of for a specific interface .
truth: given a server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get wunderground config .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a field of non-existent to pickled .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  rename   report
truth:  test   test

test:  accepts the json data as json .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   data

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make the twitter view of the specified mode .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  close   start
truth:  starts   null

test:  return the current policy for a given account .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  install certificates and private key required by a common api call .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   certificates
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  build up the docs and fake programs programs .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  hidden   build
truth:  build   build

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  retrieves the database counts and dumps it as a handle .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  post   a

test:  return the ids for the given cohort .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  load the us xtheme settings for the given key .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a thumbnail thumbnail via the given gs resource .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  creates   stuff
truth:  create   a

test:  run a function on the given thread .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  func   instances
truth:  ensures   null

test:  compiles fnclex library .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  resolve an external tag into a list of tags .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  parses   tags
truth:  given   a

test:  push a degrees of the form generated by the scheduled process .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  return   display
truth:  builds   null

test:  return an iterator over all bogus instances .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   node
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  generate a null dataset that is null through null hypothesis .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the resolver .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets the list of ports read from the configuration .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  returns   management
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the environment variable from a jobconf variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  all the manifest assigned to the directory .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  cycle   find
truth:  archive   sources

test:  converts a color string by colors to colors .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  get   color
truth:  get   a

test:  start a signal handler for all registered commands .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  sends   like
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes old messages from database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  safely decodes a unicode string to a unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  time   null
truth:  to   convert

test:  compare a key function from a string with pairs .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if any of the patterns from the given patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  setup a file options .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  move   move

test:  read all config files .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   broadcast
truth:  read   read

test:  check if all items have no objects .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the cohort for the given cohort .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the given uid and last uid has been allowed .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a resource to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a folder from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  get the auth header for a given http header .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with decision-tree support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the named file and place it in build area cli example: .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   increment
truth:  count   count

test:  differences and returns a ticket ticket .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  load   view
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the minkowski distance between the minkowski of an array of vectors and y distance matrix .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  try to do raw bcc info in the raw .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  return   null
truth:  substitute   null

test:  yield tracebacks tuples of crash .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  iterates   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to require the list of attributes for the given object .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  generates the epoch of epoch .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  used   fixture
truth:  prepare   null

test:  sort a list containing only the items of a items in the graph .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sets   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  remove receiver from receiver .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   receiver
truth:  remove   receiver

test:  get current time zone :return: string: :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  adds a node sort class to the class on the class .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  add   matching
truth:  register   a

test:  parse stack .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   attempts
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert a long int to a binary string .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  use   use

test:  start the standard datastore override the datastore .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  start   null
truth:  to   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   lists
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns current prompt for a bug based on the current time .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   tokens

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  list   vms
truth:  return   a

test:  check if two words are inside a valid song .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   test

test:  updates scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  cached   update
truth:  given   a

test:  read the modules identified by the doctest file .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  this is called by the tcollector because the input is shut down .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  results   a
truth:  create   create

test:  write local file to disk .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  chunks   a
truth:  write   a

test:  validate a seed for eigenvalues of matrices .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  solve   information
truth:  solve   real

test:  which is active by the person is created .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  null   job
truth:  null   null

test:  show a message with the current title and validations .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   create
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the [elementwise] stack of a variable number of arguments .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: stash this plugin allows records from stash .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  null   robot
truth:  null   stash

test:  returns a review board request .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  is   monitor
truth:  finds   a

test:  get absolute site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  get   input
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a url for the tool shed shed is the installed tool shed .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  list all gems to a new one .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  flatten a nested sequence .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  function   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return system info cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   system

test:  fixture to change default groups .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  override   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  use the number of seconds to initialize a maximum number .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  generate   put
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  this creates python application which uniquely a python application on windows .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  join the image at the given url .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  return   elements
truth:  joins   a

test:  check that we dont try to reverse a field .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  builds a virtual controller spec for the virtual bus logic controllers addition which acts as the virtual bus hard disk disk disk to be attached to the virtual hard hard
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  tell worker(s) to connect to a bug in a typo .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix sine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  run all nodes in the task .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  run   run

test:  uninstall a node .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  clear   app
truth:  remove   app

test:  calculates the standard error of the mean along the specified axis .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a copy of the given path .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  removes   everything

test:  returns a string to be used in the http_x_real_ip dictionary .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   null

test:  resize all images into a small image and singletons .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  need   compare
truth:  update   vals

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  maxheap   version
truth:  null   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test one line dot with an dot line .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   name
truth:  test   test

test:  safely get the record of a record .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get the login error .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that currently installed .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  try   check
truth:  logs   logs

test:  subtract dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  retrieve the given features that started the given csp response .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   method

test:  create and return an ssh service object for monit commands .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper function to recursively collects a all python source files .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  clean   null

test:  upgrade all packages on a specific system cli example: .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  check   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  gets a list of registered types .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to temporarily create the temporary directory for temporary directory .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  load a single difference difference between the given number .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   return

test:  perform any os .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  processes   return
truth:  if   check

test:  retrieves the array difference of the given array .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  returning a list of packages .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get the uri of a request on a given server .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   returns
truth:  does   a

test:  return the given problem .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  have   null

test:  read in the master config file and return its filename .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   factory

test:  list all the clusters for the specified vm/template cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  takes a task expression with an prefix and a class name .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  given an json dictionary .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  parsed   json
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  extract all html markup in text with a given doctype .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  null   encoding
truth:  if   check

test:  validate that pack is a pack string .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  adds a type with the given sub-types .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  converts a name into a plain name .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  given   a
truth:  content   content

test:  send insert command to hopefully .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  add   send
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get a list of table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  repeat a function to repeat if it raises an exception .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  connect to mailchimp up an api .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  function   batch
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  calculate the default size of the given parent .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the project .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  installs and configure the locally object .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   install

test:  generate a schema for soap keys .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  cache   sqlalchemy
truth:  return   a

test:  build an error message starting with the bounding api .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  convert the state of the state functions to a statements file .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  guess   player

test:  check that distances can construct a newline model .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  process the message if necessary .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  process   helper
truth:  if   a

test:  return the json field .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  check   try
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute the salt-ssh system .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  publish   commands

test:  this functions is designed to extract the cpu objects .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  converts   back

test:  create a setup object .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  create   fixture
truth:  return   distribution

test:  decorator that only treasury a method will not be substituted .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  helps   null

test:  clears given limit from limit .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  limit   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  make sure that the expected value of the given iterator is included in the expected log .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  catch   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  convert a string to a native .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  tests   lists
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  handles the busy busy path .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  render   android
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a word-wrap function that preserves existing word by common it knows a sequence of the text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  decorator to restrict a collection to a collection .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   method

test:  dumps the root dse .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  sets   content
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  this decorator is not used anymore .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a private key and assign it to private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a physical length of a string .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a distance matrix to its descendents coordinates .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete users user cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-opts format .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  decorator to count the execution of a function .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  get   integer
truth:  extract   integer

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the dot product of a pair of two a complex .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  api to indicate that the api has an api call .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  registers   a

test:  modify the exact log of a float by using the exact power function .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  null   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   cleanup
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  returns the active file location of a file-like object .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  return   file
truth:  lock   a

test:  generate the promoted dict of 3 links for a list of tuples .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  defines   get
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a list of bytes into an integer or a list of bytes .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  make a ellipse mean for a ellipse .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  make   setup
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a command and read the output as a new one .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert integer to positive bytes .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a letter string containing a r .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  convert   messages
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  set all child keys in list to dict .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  we can writable the server .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  null   return
truth:  like   like

test:  restful crud controller for option lookups .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  use the iterable of all iterable elements of the executing function .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   batches

test:  given an amount of line amount of taxes .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  added   stack

test:  start the file produced by triple and decode the file .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  verify that maximal can compile valid ip .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  check the cylinder of a background against the background tasks .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates a library index .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   course
truth:  updates   course

test:  performs a factor on a performs a vowel .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  normalize   lists
truth:  compute   compute

test:  scan a module and build the tree .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   build

test:  get task data .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  return   data
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the mindays for the current thread cli example: .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  set   set

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error when given a wrong type .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add rotation loop to get the plane location .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  simplified   faces
truth:  simplified   add

test:  [file_name for an arbitrary expression that has passed .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this function will return an integer or none if the string identifier is an int .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  return   a

test:  for numbers 1-9 .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  if   value
truth:  coerce   a

test:  returns all nodes of a directed graph .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates the entire permutations of order n .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  change a random string to upper case .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  change   a
truth:  change   change

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  see quantity .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  null   config
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  gets the set of zones zones for this deployment .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  renderscene - configuration options .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  print raw argument passed in via bytestrings .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  create a private ip for the linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test sphere model .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  making   test

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  return the information on all the active modules .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  list   list

test:  basic indexing with indexing .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  construct   indexing
truth:  =   =

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  clear cache for all cache objects .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  split bank into multiple subsets of the same length as affected by occurred .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  control   null
truth:  split   split

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   try

test:  get the xml element by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filters the list of apis that are not currently configured by the current api .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  copy the given dict to the new .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   decorator

test:  read a single record from a handle .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  using   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  yaml: least enable load balancer logic .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  register   load
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a security name from the your room .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns true if v is complex .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  reconstruct   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the request options is valid .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test genextreme when pad_input=true .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all quotas associated with specified quota usage .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  compute the minimum of the standard error of an array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  calculate   arrays
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a server console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if normally sites classifier matches with labels .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parabolic cylinder functions of the second kind and its derivative .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  view that logs all complete messages are complete .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  valid valid rgb to convert a single pil .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  to   rgba

test:  returns a python class for a program id .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  object   callback
truth:  null   python

test:  create a table .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  null   a

test:  gets service_dir+name of interface: layer2 or layer3 .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  builds   commands
truth:  list   list

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   converts
truth:  inplace   row

test:  returns true if the database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  if   check
truth:  parse   parse

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   return
truth:  elementwise   tan

test:  renders a certificate and performs the certificate mode .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  render   page
truth:  picks   picks

test:  iterates over a character with its possible matches .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  serializes -> json object .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the expressions of the expression tree that has a macros macros .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of events that have been authorized to test comparing .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a new consumers of the topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  resizes the partition that was alignment on the outputs .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  finds   sets
truth:  resizes   null

test:  compute nth log moments for each log .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   minimum
truth:  compute   epsilon

test:  parallel fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  change   fastica
truth:  null   fastica

test:  finds all the django django settings in the given settings directory that contains at the given settings .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  try   try

test:  set up eventlet for tornado .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  setting   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  null   pointer
truth:  null   pointer

test:  remove timeline .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  ensures   content
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns whether the object is fp in fp .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a list of datasets that occur in the given list of datasets .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  returns   json

test:  combines implementation of games into one big by games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  delete nats which eigenvalues the virtual host is records cli example: .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  show   graph
truth:  gather   null

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  map an original path to a path on the os .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  we created the users content .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  list   wrapper
truth:  to   query

test:  set the obey flag on the screen .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  set   square
truth:  null   parameter

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes key constraints from det(m) .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  decorates   column

test:  allow the users connection to be filled in a config file .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  support   support

test:  an entry point that was included in the gui .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  accept   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test hive-site .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  test   a
truth:  run   dependency

test:  populates a template variable with the given criteria and appends it as admin variable .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  yaml: verify a service is running in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the actual tag tags .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  simple msg that presents the terminal .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  convert   color
truth:  prints   a

test:  removes old root data and you can removes all root directories from root directory .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get a service name .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  display   display

test:  gets the handled by the handled name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns true if the value is a true .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a python module string from a path .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   python

test:  returns current targets .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  set the current setting of the current thread .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   set
truth:  boot   boot

test:  create a dsym file from the given uuid .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  display the unpause dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for the given user for the given user .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  check   execution
truth:  retrieve   enrollment

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test to ensure volume names are in es .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  reading   reading

test:  decorator that adds lxml results in the response to the sessions .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  like   like

test:  find the visible devices .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  given   media
truth:  calculates   null

test:  wrapper function to extract json data from json .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return the angle in the range as a float .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function checks if a unicode string is unicode and returns it .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  attempt to join the master method into a tuple .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  picks   convert
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return whether the given object is a binary string .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filters out iterable items in a breadth-first with matching name .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  generate   element
truth:  filters   element

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  compile an ir function by python function .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  return the unset hook .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  return   return

test:  create a link for pantsrefs .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  display   a
truth:  null   null

test:  save a list of current configuration files to a certain attribute .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  use   signal
truth:  save   null

test:  test whether a path is a regular file .
truth: same as os . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  push the latest login by deleting the user account and milestones .
truth: update request . 
test:  signal   groups
truth:  request   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   chain
truth:  get   chain

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a tuple of configuration memory .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  given   null
truth:  extract   configuration

test:  get the devices from the api proxy map .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  this decorator ensures that the user is authorized to access a policy .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the post request to read and store the build .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  get the preferences elements .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validate if the fields passed as expected fields is invalid .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a consumer object for the request id .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  create   create

test:  fountain removes the source directory .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  performs the item at the given item and returns the scenario .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  to   null

test:  validate a string as a valid utf-8 str .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create a version of version information about the version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  do   version
truth:  inserts   inserts

test:  this is intended to be the difference of matrices .
truth: returns np . 
test:  test   indices
truth:  returns   np

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  null   dates
truth:  null   null

test:  check and run this module of code hard to run functional events .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  function   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  draw a value for use in xs .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute whitener minimum variance for a given quotation .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   names
truth:  compute   whitening

test:  create a class that contains a specific module .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid require .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  rewrite a given source to each element in assumptions .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  null   null
truth:  rewrite   rule

test:  save a workbook to an existing workbook file .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  destroy   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  checks to see that the host checks for the supplied host name is valid .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  perform   null

test:  check if the remembered was i .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  perform   module
truth:  locate   null

test:  return value if the object is a getattr string or a getattr variable .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  replace   obj
truth:  returns   a

test:  open a google cloud storage file storage .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  open   open
truth:  opens   a

test:  activate out a user defined in current stack .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  function   coordinates
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  get face pair of the edge table .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  execute a ruby command .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  rescale the given layout .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  takes   like
truth:  scaled   return

test:  combine funcs .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  combine   null

test:  removes the given content of the given response .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  update the translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  prints/logs an error message for logging by invocation .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  log   function
truth:  log   a

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  return variance of the data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a file and return a list of empty lines of statements .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  parse   data

test:  ensure its possible to makeargb with modified modified .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  helper to run a revision .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  approximate   a
truth:  collect   null

test:  logs a message as a report .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  callback   task
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns the byte scripts to use for the feature .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  required   configuration

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that defines the unicode string value of python 2 .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  serializes   convenience
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  try to determine the daemon for the strings of a method .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  running   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return the deployment_config_file path .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  null   return
truth:  append   append

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  returns   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get the root tag for a process .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  null   return
truth:  given   a

test:  calculates the time of the token .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   format

test:  creates a new dispatcher .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  try to import and get the requested logs from the given database .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  import   a

test:  convert a list of the vectors into the 180 vector .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  converts   a

test:  require several rpm packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  gets the token for the specified user and user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  returns   users
truth:  generate   a

test:  find the manifest to which the default font contains the default rules that will be stored in the stamp .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  given   dict
truth:  find   find

test:  format a list of permissions for a given list of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  join   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the current device or use it .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns an array of n identity formatted identity matrix .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   matrix

test:  test that the key is cast correctly on several colors .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  verify   issue
truth:  verify   null

test:  wait for the given category to become active .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  make   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  only one qapp can exist at a time .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   one

test:  redirects request .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  adapted   a
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second bessel function .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  if   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  check if the compensation of the relationship is the transparent ref .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  check   sys
truth:  check   check

test:  precompute pantsrefs .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   links

test:  get the child branch of the given trie .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   branch

test:  return a list of longest ids .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  chooses   null

test:  retrieve a list of strings that represent a path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  returns   import
truth:  given   null

test:  get current search location .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  search   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set attributes for provided vif .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  convert list of preg ports into the network interfaces .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  converts   text
truth:  function   function

test:  manage the 'salt for the given pid file .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  change   null
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  processes translation translation and returns zen translation for zen .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  loads   unit

test:  defines the xdg config directory .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  check   xdg

test:  calculate the next time of the current process .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a dict of balls to the given filter .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  test transformations of edge data .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test that tmp .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  if   load
truth:  to   check

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to forget and return the request .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  rotate   function
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the demo alarm platform .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  track   render
truth:  renders   null

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  using a valid value with invalid type .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  using   test

test:  create a control server factory that performs a control api call to the control service .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  send   null
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the executable info in the given path .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  given   a
truth:  reads   a

test:  clear pending exit .
truth: force exit . 
test:  report   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  install a type_model .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  send a command down the process id and returns it if it does not exist .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  get or create the new file .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the loops going through the given loops .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return the hg revision .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  embeddable a wsgi application .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  creates   input
truth:  null   application

test:  wrapper around extra that handles the extra execute .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  null   form
truth:  perform   null

test:  replace long .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new user .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  converts a datetime to a utc datetime .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  text   a
truth:  reports   reports

test:  returns a regular expression from regex .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  mask   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   hook
truth:  hook   hook

test:  traverse xml blocks for xml .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  s   edit
truth:  edits   null

test:  return a class for use with the images .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate all paths for a given python modules .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   class
truth:  yield   null

test:  display the initial version of the database .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  display   a
truth:  starting   starting

test:  reads the color for a theme .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return information about the container .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  resolve   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the full path to a yaml file by sending the same name .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  expected   return

test:  return a list of the urls that represent a given source file .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that regular expression argument will take arguments within a task argument .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  issue   accepts
truth:  allow   backslashes

test:  compute the entropy of a vector in place .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  compute   traffic
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path to the site-packages directory of the master process .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get logger by name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generates the javascript map for each trace feature .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  generates   a

test:  adds schedule for given year .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  prevent   adjust
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pick the stubs out of a stream .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  run   quota
truth:  prepares   a

test:  find the parameters x: : float .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  stacks   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a insert to each node of the given parent .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  skip a test if a database is in use .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  sets the attribute of the object to be the object .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  performs information about the template tag to a given template .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  boot   field
truth:  null   workflow

test:  compile a device by name .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   function
truth:  compile   a

test:  get the role by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  get   find
truth:  retrieve   role

test:  converts an arbitrary string to a standard likelihood value .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  text   string
truth:  normalize   a

test:  test the command-line inheritance .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  describe a list of volumes .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  get   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  check if http status code is client .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  start the current click pointer and return the integer n .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  sync   null
truth:  if   null

test:  only works with same reliability .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  null   function
truth:  if   check

test:  clean out the assets of the source .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  delete   build
truth:  built   remove

test:  collects all root directories .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  use this function to create a preload of any flocker-installed .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  configures   ssl
truth:  preload   a

test:  check whether a short number is a valid significant number .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  check   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a name for the package containing the named name .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   name
truth:  create   create

test:  generator to enforce signature-matching .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   check
truth:  -   -

test:  set the current axis environment .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that an image is present in the named image .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   a

test:  returns a string representation of an object .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  used   a
truth:  null   null

test:  call supplied logging and kill all files in the cache .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  downloads   find
truth:  logs   logs

test:  assign an parent node to all nodes of the given node .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  change   null
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for unpickling .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  convert   str
truth:  null   a

test:  create a rule function after a condition function .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   equivalent
truth:  apply   apply

test:  insert items into a target .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  null   get
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  verify a secret has permission to verify the secret .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  verifies   secret

test:  create the batch_size index of g .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  create   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  helper method to get request header info from pillar .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   http

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   try

test:  get a list of list of page .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  list   index
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a string argument to an preferred_encoding url .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  null   s
truth:  convert   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  support function for kivy .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  null   fix
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  adapt the installer table to provide the email table .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  return   query
truth:  return   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  loads the image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  iterate   target
truth:  return   return

test:  converts file .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  applies   tesseract

test:  changes the vms on this machine .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  combined   return

test:  replace local variables with a syntactically valid name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compare two lists of equal objects .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that the same number of rows .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  null   tables
truth:  stack   tables

test:  replaces a group of members via windows .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  interfaces   state
truth:  replaces   members

test:  computes finite diff of finite for finite .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  takes   add
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the raw blocks of the current block stack .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  close   log
truth:  to   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert s to unicode objects .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  string   unicode
truth:  decode   a

test:  return the current image version .
truth: available major . 
test:  join   a
truth:  null   null

test:  construct a class .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  delete the ns for the ns method .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of nodes to any scalarselects passed in log .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  output   tree
truth:  return   return

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified name .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a new .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the current thread count for the current thread .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  formats the time as a human readable string .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if the disk module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install a requirements requirements .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  updated   build
truth:  install   python

test:  reads a certificate certificate from a path and returns a filemetadata object .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  send some request shed to the tool shed .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  converts the string "s" to a sympy expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  label   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  change control index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  index   index

test:  language: ru -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   ru

test:  set the alarm signal to be handled by the alarm command .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  splits the datastore path at the given path on the datastore .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   split

test:  decorrelation the weight matrix w of vectors .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  null   url
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  apply a value to a configuration module .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  set   strings
truth:  recurse   null

test:  called by the api in order to avoid json output .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  function   output
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  convenience function to get the temporary directory path .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  get   null
truth:  using   null

test:  renders a string to map .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  null   read
truth:  render   render

test:  get the date value for a date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the url for a url .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  url   urls
truth:  url   url

test:  returns the dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fast cache dictionary to cache the cache statements in a cache .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  cached   a
truth:  make   room

test:  force-reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  submits a task to generate a csv containing information about a csv .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  submits   a
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  test loading connection .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the phrase containing the head and head head .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the coefficient of the two input_seqs date .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   coefficient

test:  converts a pprint .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return completion in which the completion should be inserted should be inserted .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  download a s3 object to a bucket .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  download   download

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   unix

test:  register the log filtering policy .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  register   a
truth:  injects   null

test:  rest controller - combined restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve the vms on a resource .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get a hypervisor by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a decorator for creating a dummy function .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  context   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  sets the current contents of the current linux distribution .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new user for this module .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  derivative of the bytes if it is a version .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  returns   indices
truth:  finds   null

test:  context manager that adds a new one or more addresses to the context .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  code   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  perform   string
truth:  string   string

test:  copy a file .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  copy   print
truth:  create   a

test:  test that show_all_categories forces forces to language are not met .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parameters _type : the value of the activation .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  value   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  returns the type string given the type code .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  expand   expand

test:  load a nested module if we want to load a nested module .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  importing   test
truth:  nested   test

test:  get the list of absolute config files for the current user .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   configuration

test:  determine the default page number for further processing .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure we can tokenize things with a regular expression at the end of the script .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns proxy and port info page from proxy .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  url   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  load this module if the os is available .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the complexity of a number .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  determine   score
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  create a continuous random variable with the pareto distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the most recent recent snapshot of the most recent snapshot .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new signal instance .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  use   arrays
truth:  fire   a

test:  returns the size of a given format format .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  even when a user is posted .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  gets   use
truth:  logs   logs

test:  returns the conductance conductance function .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  base64 decodes a base64 string .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  divide   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the distance for applying dimensions of y .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  project   a

test:  deletes a remote summary of the database .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  is   null

test:  send windows current windows namespace .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  null   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  cast_expression : conditional_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   conditional_expression

test:  convert a cluster mask into a numpy mask .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  mask   assert
truth:  to   convert

test:  create weight initializer .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns each row as a list of all level lengths .
truth: given an index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  show a message information .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the discrete log of the discrete log of a to each element of the base log of the discrete rho .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  discretize model by taking the length of a given tensor .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the decorated function exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  verify that the specified gemset is present with the given ruby name the name of the given ruby to remove ruby .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a value from a single resource .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a set of contributors for serializing .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  show   create
truth:  return   return

test:  python library .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   class

test:  removes any temporary options that are considered to be deleted .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  purges   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return true if the logarithm is errant .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a long expression to a rational .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  null   function
truth:  transform   a

test:  compute the exponential kernel between x and y .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the number formatted for a given number .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  ajax view returning a proxy page .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  null   migrations
truth:  serve   null

test:  returns a list of filename names .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  gets   display
truth:  convert   a

test:  the list of selected objects can be passed to the given failure .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  return   l
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the cache root exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  replace extra values with extra fields .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  does   replace
truth:  replaces   parameters

test:  window that allows you to use an script with metadata .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  build   build
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a jupyter notebook notebook .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  format   columns
truth:  returns   a

test:  a csrf attribute can be used in reg mode .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  handle   groups
truth:  context   processor

test:  execute a console .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  run   a
truth:  call   call

test:  returns the permission user permission to compare .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   app_label

test:  given a list of file ids .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file on the filesystem .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  writes error messages to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  null   msg
truth:  print   print

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator for determine if this name is an instance of a method .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  copies default filter .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  return   data
truth:  default   default

test:  loads the cross loss of two given predictions .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  define   a

test:  starts an event on a user .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  logs   analytics
truth:  log   events

test:  open an logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   configuration
truth:  log   log

test:  return a class that loads the given module .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split an array into a list of first component lines .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  chunks   a
truth:  null   elements

test:  compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $bindir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  ask the user for start/end endpoint .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  error   input
truth:  decoded   get

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   update
truth:  perform   one

test:  create an image object from the given image .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  replace   find
truth:  put   alpha

test:  calculate the nti group of the group that triggers the group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  gets the service description of a service .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  null   view
truth:  embedded   null

test:  wait until the mathjax has been seeded with enough data .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  set add form .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  remove the feed functions from the feed functions used by the module functions need to be removed in the napalm module .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   arrays
truth:  remove   remove

test:  only load if influxdb lib is installed .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  load   return
truth:  requires   requires

test:  translate all o_vals leading up to a new collection .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  assign   a

test:  returns the currently active server id .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  return   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat dictionary .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  add a string that can be different into a re .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  control   string
truth:  to   converts

test:  get the loop path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  retrieves the contents of the current file .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parse a chassis source file into a tree object .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a random rotation of a circuit undo .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create a dataset in a given table .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  constructs a snapshot of the specified options from the given template .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds the vmdk detach detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write an object to a file .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  pack   pack

test:  get version string for the named release .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  work   display
truth:  return   tshark

test:  list all packages .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  wrap the exception for a specified snapshot .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  show   null
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  embed an image into the items media file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   null
truth:  embed   null

test:  the tobytes table is modified by the information .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  given   search
truth:  migrate   table

test:  return array of indices of indices along an axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   elements

test:  returns a list of files that have been downloaded .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the current inventory class corresponding to the current resource class .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  removes all or sets of a group from a group as a group .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  construct a message from the given chunk .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  make   null
truth:  build   up

test:  gather info on an image uuid : string uuid of image verbose : false cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  import   import

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the value of test variable in the make .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  null   check
truth:  test   test

test:  generic email to make a template that sends an event for the event .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  email   email
truth:  null   factory

test:  collect and run tests .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  collect   null

test:  wrap a callback to be invoked when the callback parser .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  a generator function to generate a derinteger status .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  password   exception
truth:  null   data

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  executes the given changes on the given changes .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   failure

test:  get an rotation matrix of rotation .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  calculate   images
truth:  rotate   multiple

test:  redirects the user to the page .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  forces   null
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to temporarily create a temporary file .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  poll   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  returns a challenge for use with the result of a key .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  object   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert mode to index .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  args: items: : dictionary returns: dictionary .
truth: like repr . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  like   repr

test:  find a channel by tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  find   player
truth:  find   channel

test:  apply a query object to supplied filter .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  evaluate   use
truth:  provided   apply

test:  configure the user after page would fail on a warning .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears accumulated statistics on all nodes in the alarm server .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  accumulated   video
truth:  clear   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  parse the ndp options .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  force   attempts
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compile a timestamp file .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  compiles   generate
truth:  compile   a

test:  run svn export .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  export   export
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a group members page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   members

test:  start a vm vm : string vm to be stopped start .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  fetch raw image fetch by id .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  grab   null

test:  check that value is a document for raw type .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if dbref has a highest dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  return   values
truth:  forms   forms

test:  generates a polygon for a given duplicated .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  moving   template
truth:  null   cosine

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  list   vms
truth:  return   a

test:  set the backend for the given backend .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  name   parameters
truth:  set   a

test:  alpha matrix for csc/csr .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  null   skeleton
truth:  find   find

test:  computes a resource of the given wsgi header .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a 410 gone context .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write the methods method as a mapping of the given method .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   methods

test:  get unique name .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  get   encoding
truth:  null   way

test:  performs an image .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the number of square-free elements of a sequence .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  are   return
truth:  count   count

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  null   runner
truth:  null   runner

test:  check if the node has been modified .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  to   view
truth:  to   checks

test:  dump a string .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  print   print
truth:  null   null

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generates the description of the configuration .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the normalized cut for nodes in weighted graph .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an integer to a positive integer .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  if   input
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete an computenode .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  given a dictionary representing the provider lun + window .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   new
truth:  builds   null

test:  check if the depth of depth contains at least one of the parameters at least one of the field containing a given number .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  return a monotonically increasing integer .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read the integer data from a list of ints .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  extract   product
truth:  combines   null

test:  parses the json string as json .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  constructs   response
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   a

test:  generate a old aws key and store it to the leaf directory .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  write   a
truth:  null   secret

test:  get external external path .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   null

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   pseudorandom

test:  check if vlim is valid .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  function   null
truth:  check   check

test:  horizontally gaussian gaussian image with a given gaussian max parameters .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  find   null
truth:  yield   images

test:  returns the given html with all possible characters .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  empty   return

test:  create a class status fsm to each cluster fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fetches the url for the given service .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  returns the curl of a path .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   canonicalization

test:  serves the url if it is not a course .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   try

test:  a module is a template context .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  called   create
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  delete   file
truth:  remove   tags

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   null
truth:  sampling   null

test:  checks to see if expired is expired .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  exception   helper
truth:  if   check

test:  get the complex path .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a class with a abstract class this decorator is configurable for creating the current contrib .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  construct   decorator
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a warning and print it isnt running .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  checks   test
truth:  if   check

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   set
truth:  use   use

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  remove a given module from the given module name the name of the feature to remove .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  installed   null

test:  yaml: config this plugin allows the build file to be handled in the build with the build .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  null   parameter
truth:  null   null

test:  formats a datetime to a string as a utc date .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  unmount a new session ticket and the according to the stored ticket .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  perform   find
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  try to unpickle panel from data .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  return   data
truth:  converts   converts

test:  try to open a path as a new directory .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  import   import
truth:  function   function

test:  helper method to find the migrate directory for a given repo .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  find   find
truth:  get   get

test:  clears the cache .
truth: cache management . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  cache   management

test:  get the path to the filename .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge merge .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merge   config
truth:  merge   struct

test:  loads only used for later with the given file .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  returns   display
truth:  returns   returns

test:  iterates over the form of data .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  check gcrs<->altaz to make sure the h] works as expected .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  null   accepts
truth:  url   url

test:  wrapper around tag that checks the tag matches .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  format   object
truth:  determines   logic

test:  argument passed to c filter .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  return a dict of files read from a bucket .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  return   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  get the path to an extras file for the file .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  shows the plot .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  shows   shows

test:  create a new provides the given class for binary and unset it to each row in the given test case .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  create   a

test:  add ability labels to port labels .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  imports   callbacks
truth:  function   function

test:  test reading and writing of a file .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  setting   test
truth:  io   io

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   test
truth:  stores   stores

test:  callback for config about the api .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  function   function

test:  read a dictionary of environment variables into a string .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds given env to the .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  null   a

test:  return events to mask .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  if   null
truth:  mask   digital

test:  allow turning deduping in @roles .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  use   cli
truth:  use   use

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second bessel function .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  find   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  compute data from a byte array .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  construct   rms
truth:  computes   a

test:  return the ip address of the current .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified rank .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find out what items are autosummary in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that value is true or integer .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   reading
truth:  parse   parse

test:  recursively get a query with elements as html .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return info on all packages cli example: .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  provides   plot
truth:  return   a

test:  test that an existing header is a bad header for a graph .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  test   test
truth:  header   header

test:  calculate the hash with the given contents of the data .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  take   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  add a file into the difference between 0 and size .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  files   files

test:  setup the sony authentication .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  allows   logging
truth:  let   null

test:  generate a random usernames string .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  yield   null

test:  convert a sympy expression to its canonical percentage .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  return a dictionary with pairs .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   callback
truth:  return   a

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  attributes   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  remove repeating from a task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  given   task

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  escape   url
truth:  escape   a

test:  you can override this include this include a celery celery celery .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  null   setup
truth:  null   null

test:  start the notification server for the given request .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  mark   returns
truth:  notify   notify

test:  check if a given path is an executable .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   returns

test:  recursively copy the named file or directories to work .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  get   null
truth:  include   include

test:  register a function or check class as an check check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  return the absolute path of a path that contains relative to the directory .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  collects all the templates from the given templates and returns a list of templates .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  retrieve a sql error from a list of values .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this sets the site site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove all values having run_state_change .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  update   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split object and put into two list with tags .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  splits   object
truth:  object   object

test:  get or shared axes parameters in the axes .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  copy files to a new directory if it currently exists .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  copy   copy

test:  rest controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  attempts to determine if a machine exists .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   in

test:  set heading and application to modify to a remote host .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  change   null
truth:  password   password

test:  a helper function that creates an xml tag .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  returns a list of test classes defined in the given directory .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sets all objects of all objects .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enabled   set

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a flat list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  creates a indices of the first letter in a set of values .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reads a file .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  print   print

test:  plugin registration .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  verify that the modes argument to a file is tested .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  queries   file
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the named host is deleted .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around datetime .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  call   call

test:  explicitly initialized eq .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  skip   get
truth:  finished   connection

test:  language language .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  returns   size
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the network with the bridge on which the bridge is attached .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a server is enabled successfully cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  determine the score of a single test or none .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  tests   convenience
truth:  compute   compute

test:  this function takes a string and converts it to its corresponding rfc-1123 .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  execute   try
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset length in alfred .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an encoder .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  null   like
truth:  lookup   up

test:  returns the number of permutations in an iterator .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  count   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current site site .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   current

test:  returns a decorator that ensures that the test is used in the given path .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  definition : intconstant : comparison .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  null   module
truth:  null   definition

test:  output the change of modules that are suitable for use in the environment variables .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  detect   storage
truth:  output   parameter

test:  compare a json reference implementation .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  convert   no
truth:  assert   a

test:  test same scripts .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  null   help
truth:  embed   canvas

test:  save an in-memory workbook to a file .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  save   create
truth:  return   return

test:  return the leading degree of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a bem flow and populates its ir flow with structured fields .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  configure the target to generate a queue and merge it on the target .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  processes   null
truth:  is   null

test:  warn if there are any conflicting pairs on the configuration .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns true if idle is using os tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a collectionsummarymodel summary as a collectionsummarymodel object .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  place an order by specified number of shares/lots in a given multicast .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   build
truth:  place   place

test:  slice list of shape and slice with elements .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  shows   converts
truth:  get   get

test:  test pyopengl functionality for basic functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   pyopengl
truth:  test   pyopengl

test:  returns the profile model class for the given model .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random adjacency of adjacency elements .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  place   place

test:  create a database via imports user name of the user to create user the user to create user the host of the user to connect as password the host the
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove the given sequences that are represented by the given header .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  keeps   nodes
truth:  remove   remove

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  adds two distributions .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  adds   null

test:  prints bench name in bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run a scheduled base on the given node and verify all violations in a new line number of options .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  run   new
truth:  runs   runs

test:  release an audio cli example: .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   a
truth:  release   a

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   inset
truth:  center   center

test:  compute the polynomial kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete a server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  shut   null

test:  fix python java file .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   null

test:  just return an empty module .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  url   a
truth:  read   a

test:  returns default contact for default .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  creates a zero-filled :class:cupy .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  transform the page for beautifulsoup .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  generate   temperature
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of the sites group .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  context   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get redis server configuration cli example: .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   redis

test:  get the carving for the manipulation shapes .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get list of disk devices or their provider .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  return   logging
truth:  extract   null

test:  verify that the given object is a non-regression type .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   null

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  create a new fastq fastq fastq with the given dictionary .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  make   a
truth:  fasta   fasta

test:  generate a random string with random seed :return: a random string value .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve a contributions calendar from the given url .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  template   download
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  an array that target_shape >= a .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   permutation

test:  redirects to the detected url .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  returns   redirects
truth:  aborts   a

test:  convert a timestamp string to a timestamp object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  skip test for nonwhitespace .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test the effect of a test .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  mimic   a
truth:  has   django

test:  returns the exponential function at x .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   range

test:  read the wire wire file and return the content type .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   read

test:  converts a animation file to a numpy array of strings parameters data : array of strings to load .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  input   input

test:  compute the standard deviation along the given lowerlimit .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unset flavor extra keys for the given flavor keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  unset   null

test:  return true if the object is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  evaluate the elements of an array .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  guess   indices
truth:  return   a

test:  split float64 in two points .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   a

test:  fit a single image of thumbnail_debug .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  validate   power
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  uninstall a python implementation .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  recursively pack to a list .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  pack   variables

test:  uses the "harvest" command line .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  running   mail
truth:  uses   uses

test:  get data from the set of document .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  module   module

test:  compute node connectivity for pairs of all pairs of all pairs .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   node

test:  escape the given text so it can be used as attributes/arguments .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  escape   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a dictionary product of the current page names and values .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  show   show
truth:  view   view

test:  returns all the css dependencies for the css group .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  return an iterator over the elements of a sequence of values .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  return true if cmd has installed .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raise an appropriate warning to raise an does not exist or the given option .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   msg
truth:  log   log

test:  check if a link is a bad link .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  does   null

test:  deletes the given exploration .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  extract the namespace and the column number of namespace to a column .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  given   test
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that a plaintext password matches hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  password   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a configuration layer .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  parse a paypal token .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  parses   load
truth:  returns   a

test:  pass in source directory tree at path .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  break   null
truth:  used   null

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   null
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should accept a should work in an appropriate directory .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  return   create
truth:  exit   exit

test:  trained types controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   basins
truth:  null   controller

test:  utility function that converts a creation sequence into a canonicalized sequence .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  replaces   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | dubconstant | sequence .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  plot plot .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  null   null

test:  quick utility wrapper around a dict of local files .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  file   a
truth:  write   a

test:  create an hosts .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  reserve   hosts

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  check   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  return url for rss .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  uses a tornado .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  given an ngram sentence .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  list   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  perspective all modules view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  serve protected files below a users .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  serve   view
truth:  protected   null

test:  retrieves sort keys/directions parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  verify that object is an instance of desired and desired define .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  verify   assert
truth:  null   null

test:  return the running running running instance .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  delete an options .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  null   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  merge a new dict in dsk2 to sync in memory .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  take   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  returns the module or none .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  convert a blaze expression into its index .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  fixes   null
truth:  corresponding   dictionary

test:  undo the desktop .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  undo   like
truth:  override   override

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  provision a user on any ssh .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  null   coordinates
truth:  null   flocker

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  null   lyrics
truth:  null   lyrics

test:  calculate the path to the binary solr .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  module   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get pretty shelved stdout extents .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  expands   sample
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a time value in the range of epoch to integer .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  null   return
truth:  convert   milliseconds

test:  set the diffopcodegenerator class used for generating opcodes .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  rabbitmq the application .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  run   os
truth:  start   a

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wrapper around qtgui .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  evaluate   p
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  compute nroots memory test of f .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  to   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to wrap a parent of parent operations around a microsite .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   interface

test:  check that certificate is valid and can be verified .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   dict
truth:  convert   convert

test:  add files to the provided path .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  add   a
truth:  files   files

test:  creates a structured statement which has the expected entity .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  draw a random sampling .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  if   null
truth:  draws   null

test:  fetches the total total time difference for a given configuration .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  determines   lists
truth:  get   get

test:  step by lowercase and return a set of objects .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  test if the both sends retries flag .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  url   null
truth:  null   credentials

test:  list options configured by the salt job id .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   cache
truth:  get   get

test:  check that an ip address is inside the subnet .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  check   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read json data from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  count   json
truth:  read   json

test:  test to ensure that all the data can be converted to a response .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  run   test
truth:  to   test

test:  gets the volume tag for a volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the site record for a site .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieves   site

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   a

test:  let a set of matrices for forward .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  calculate   infinite

test:  exceptions that use the default line without another .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  -   null
truth:  check   check

test:  parses an html fragment into a lower fragment .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return dataframe year : gdp : gdp_yoy :(%) pi : pi_yoy:(%) si : si_yoy :(%) ti : ti_yoy :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  add a environment variable to the current site .
truth: return env . 
test:  label   return
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if file exists .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  if   check

test:  make a generator for a sequence of two low-level objects .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  objects   unicode
truth:  sort   a

test:  gets the name of the users profile .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   a

test:  authentication view .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  removes   outputs
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns the default component of a component .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  determines   get
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if encoding is a host .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  check that channels to be listed in the montage module is present .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  take   check
truth:  help   eeg

test:  function which return the elements of the value with elements .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  convert   cone
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all inbound inbound messages go here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  deletes a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the named service is available cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  if   service
truth:  return   return

test:  fit coil chpi and peaks along the given head .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  normalized   email
truth:  fit   rotation

test:  this is a proxy function to check if current theming is enabled .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  if   a
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  get a typical rule .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  replace   inverse
truth:  null   strategy

test:  show all the completions .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  register   insert
truth:  to   attempt

test:  revoke a user from a cluster .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   cluster
truth:  revoke   cluster

test:  project version form view .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   a
truth:  project   version

test:  extract the structured fields for use in a convolving class .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  make   a

test:  open a home page as a dictionary of remote objects .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   a

test:  get a task entity by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  multiplicative_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  null   additive_expression
truth:  null   additive_expression

test:  returns a *m* of published .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a normalized expression given a sequence .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  boolean   map
truth:  maps   a

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the domain modulo p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  null   cosine
truth:  null   arctangent

test:  creates a kernel image from the image stored in the cache .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  clean up the module location .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  runs   like
truth:  null   null

test:  long line candle .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  null   line
truth:  null   null

test:  save the load to a specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   data
truth:  save   null

test:  creates a new translation plugin and sets its final translation .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  makes a new gstreamer method to use and pick it .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  change the given text to stdout .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  stream   null
truth:  given   prints

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a scipy scipy string into an equivalent python objects .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  sort   decimals
truth:  decimals   decimals

test:  tests that hugs uuid can correctly handles a uuid .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the the the currently available 1000 .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  main function to run tests with received shed and panel options .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  install   install
truth:  collect   null

test:  convert a resource uri to an url .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   uri

test:  check if an installed python is installed and happen .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  assert that the static representation of the static object is the same .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  null   a

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test arithmetic arithmetic arithmetic test .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return details about the server url : 180 timeout : 180 timeout for http context cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  this module is implemented on specific home page .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get an appcontrollerclient data group .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  get   options
truth:  to   try

test:  cleans up any mistaken created by deleting a query .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  to   job

test:  redirects to a comment form page .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  generate adjacency transforms .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  produce   generate
truth:  null   places

test:  generate the stream containing the given data files .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  runs command line filter in the command line .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  match   null
truth:  checks   user

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   groove
truth:  add   groove

test:  elementwise natural logarithm function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  elementwise   logarithm

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  save   null

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a list of topics that the topic has been marked as existing topic .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   api
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that ensures that we dont have a callback within a remote target .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns a boolean reflecting whether or not a given value is a valid variable .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   a

test:  performs nothing from the given file .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   pseudo

test:  takes an object and returns a string .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  takes   string
truth:  removes   shell

test:  request to have students students in a problem as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   request

test:  send a reflected operator for plot methods .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cast an object to a file object .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  defines   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package using same same same name as an type-access- package .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  null   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  compares two package versions .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  time   null
truth:  compare   software

test:  truncates a text to a maximum of sequences .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test classification report with initset .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   classification

test:  we want to avoid dataset .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  reverses   direction

test:  tests that the users password matches the given password .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  hashes   hashes

test:  gets the virtual machine with the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a dict of name keys by lowercase_ .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  a helper function that returns the country code .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  should have a list of mapping .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  null   classes

test:  return fields from log row as a sorted row .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   timestamp

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  remove a public key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a list of nodes in g from a given iterable .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a string containing a number of day .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns timeline data based on stock ledger entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  retrieve   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  test time without alphabet .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  tests   names
truth:  test   test

test:  shut a running system .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  handles   null
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  detect whether or not an upgrade is supported on management .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  return   check
truth:  is   window

test:  if passed a module does not exist .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  gather   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  generate grouped directories and their proper directories .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  return   path
truth:  yield   path

test:  get details about all elasticache vpc connection .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to convert source to tuple .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  name   attempts
truth:  converts   a

test:  test to make sure the text is set in n .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  test   test
truth:  colorized   test

test:  serialize obj to a file .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   python

test:  convert text to bytes .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  converts   bytes
truth:  make   null

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  set the tabular model class .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  append   a
truth:  make   a

test:  list all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if input is related to the time .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  return the gradient for the linear linear value .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  null   n
truth:  makes   linear

test:  get data view from mne object .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  get   data
truth:  get   data

test:  helper function to find a list of files that can be directly directly .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  return   find
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert a scipy .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   multiply
truth:  convert   a

test:  create bag of many bag .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  normalized   null
truth:  null   bag

test:  a generator which returns time in seconds since a temp date .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  time   time

test:  test if a previously inserted entry is not activated .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  test   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  return the model class which the model has the same configuration as a deployment .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  computes the rank of a sparse matrix from its confidence letter formats .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate a list of existing directory names .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  need   need

test:  make sure that a list of files have present .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of all theme names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   a

test:  recvfd wrapper .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  freeze   a
truth:  receive   a

test:  performs a user to the next datetime for the datastore since the current datetime .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of meters by the project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  execute the passed module usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  clone a repo .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  clones   downloads
truth:  clone   a

test:  reads html files in a given directory .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  get   set
truth:  svn   svn

test:  decorate a test if a given extension is not enabled .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the platform class .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given url has a dummy domain .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the binary path .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a timestamp into a datetime .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove scores from array with scores .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  clean   delete
truth:  issue   issue

test:  factory that will initialise and return a scenario that places the request .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  null   read
truth:  null   factory

test:  function which provides the cascade value .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  get   a
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   return

test:  fix the django management path path on sys .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  fix   fix

test:  migrate that all keys that might have the models dictionary .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  migrate   new
truth:  check   guid

test:  fixture that provides a etreefx lxml .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  allowing   fixture

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to reverse the view method of the provided arguments .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  url   lists
truth:  null   version

test:  check if an absolute url is a absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   wether

test:  test to ensure that its not set to this user .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  if   tests

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  sends a cmd kernel kernel .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return true if received metadata is malicious and the received changeset .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  rest controller for budget_allocation @status: experimental .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  temporarily use previous temporarily change the previous request .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns a list of unique id from the ipython content .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  splits   returns
truth:  split   split

test:  this is a silly small function to check if the os module is include: .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  function   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  require a mysql package name .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  change   null
truth:  package   package

test:  unset a class with the given class .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a simple shifted shifted shifted .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  check   create
truth:  demo   demo

test:  get the dot product of the complex .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   z

test:  integrate a queue to the qsub .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  run   method
truth:  wrap   a

test:  steps that match groups takes them as parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  null   log
truth:  null   steps

test:  create a new child fault from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the discrete shanks of a vector .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  null   order
truth:  null   null

test:  parse results specific to the clade model classes .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  results   package
truth:  null   models

test:  channel reallocation command section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  makes   uplink
truth:  null   mode

test:  assume a list of reduction has been migrated .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  debug   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  create an ssh key for the given host or list of ssl .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a scene name and converts it in a scene dirname to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  converts all the given node to a tree or leaf .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   nodes

test:  returns a list of sets of data for a given axis .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  translates python error syntax into a unit error .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  translate   generate
truth:  rewrites   a

test:  convert a files from the given file system to a penalty penalty .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  translate   display
truth:  convert   a

test:  this function does nothing to ensure that the sleep setup .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  instruct   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  validates whether a model is valid and has a valid metadata .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  model   model

test:  use this decorator to expose actions that span more than one entity .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  jar dictionary symbols by the get/set dictionary .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  yield   null

test:  check to see if a client is consul .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  get   range
truth:  query   consul

test:  sphere function that generate a sample from mix 1 parameters ntosample : array_like .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return argument untouched .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the system can stderr on powershell .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function to add html elements in an expression tree .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  simplified   return

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  a simple function which returns the word with a word in a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  imports should usually be on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  print the progress message for the procedure .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  args: *exact* : the activation function call to be a transform of the arguments that the test case is set .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  create   a

test:  build a copy of sphinx .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  disconnect   config
truth:  build   docs

test:  prints the usage of this script .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get vault belonging to the organization .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  return   key
truth:  get   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  checks the keys]return for all the private key .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  puts   null
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  load data .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  fixture   port
truth:  run   syncdb

test:  performs arma correlation matrix converts arma to polar vectors parameters ar : array_like .
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  null   correlation
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  returns the name of the pid .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  name   name

test:  gets the latest version of the repository .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   object
truth:  return   current

test:  checks if a user exists on the current user and returns true if a list is currently exists .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load this module if the psutil python module is installed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   virtual
truth:  return   return

test:  executing all elements or general elements in a list .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   null
truth:  executing   null

test:  uploads the mchoicefield form .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  confirm   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  start a machine by name .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  runs a shell comand on a remote host .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  run   helper
truth:  runs   a

test:  resolves a web request flow to a web server flow .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  null   build
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  updates the agreement to the given user .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  records   records

test:  parse manifest .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  read   command
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   sum
truth:  compute   compute

test:  factory for generic implementation for use in the cffi class .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  detach a process .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  detach   detach

test:  test installing a user using its mercurial commits .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  test   user

test:  return the description of a feed .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  drop all logging tables .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  saves   database
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a kb .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  check to see if a launch configuration exists .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  open   documentation
truth:  check   check

test:  lowess fit a lowess function applied to the lowess function size using random variables parameters x : {array-like .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  null   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  rules   networking
truth:  null   networking

test:  returns the logs used to compute the new wsgi logs .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   disk

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  set   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a list of crc-32c checksum with a single file .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  take   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  collects a list of parameters of the given graph .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the windows computer number .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a qt array into a qt column .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  transforms the given microsoft into a set .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  take   function
truth:  decode   a

test:  handle various multipart fields request .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructtimestampassetid" .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   null
truth:  deconstructs   null

test:  setup the verisure sensors .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return true if the list of upageviews revisions has been marked as expected .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  given   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  set   works
truth:  set   set

test:  construct a version header for ipv6 bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  test the behavior of --outdated format flag in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   playlists
truth:  save   history

test:  retrieves the user from the current request if it exists .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  context manager to temporarily create a debug request .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  context   null
truth:  change   change

test:  restart the named service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  calls   stop
truth:  is   null

test:  restrict input type to positive between 0 and 1 .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  input   input

test:  send a prompt to an active prompt .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  make   null

test:  replace warning records with a build for all ${curdir} .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  set   calling
truth:  warnings   warnings

test:  register the runner in the registry .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  takes a list of domains and returns a list of domain names .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  command   command
truth:  registers   new

test:  insert a setting that can be used to create the unique settings in a specific setting .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return an integer stored stored in the number of messages stored in the number of messages .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up the connected sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  it should extract tabular step correctly into tabular step .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a approximate window for a root window .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  null   null
truth:  browse   null

test:  setup the binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  determine if the original fixed .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  if   check

test:  generates spherical polynomial of degree bessel polynomial of degree n in k[x] .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  clip   run
truth:  coefficients   coefficients

test:  returns the http auth url for a given route url .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  try   try

test:  read flags from a file and return as byte string .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  to   null
truth:  read   read

test:  if passed arguments is not a argsort .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   categorical

test:  reads the current session .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  create   get
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a str into an array of integers .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   arrays
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  tries to get a single image from a video .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  return   read
truth:  load   load

test:  sets the line on the given line .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   js
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the username of a username cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   a

test:  create association for the given resource .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  step text with help text .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  null   use
truth:  step   step

test:  creates a new network cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  test to make sure the reader should try to make sure the fast way is large in the reader .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a value that will be a function or a clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  convert   use
truth:  if   null

test:  horizontal the same logic of shape .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the untracked untracked of the git files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove a given interface from a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  flatten the root_id .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  view all subclasses that have been expired cart cart .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return test cases in the iam iam test suite .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if the object is non .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list of the system locales page .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  form   a
truth:  null   locale

test:  disconnect signals from discussion was turned on discussion was used with discussion was turned ("" .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   reverse
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  similar to escape() .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  return   get_words
truth:  null   null

test:  read a log file from a zipfile and write it to a new one .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  find   a
truth:  read   a

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  orphaned   return
truth:  orphaned   list

test:  return a default stim stim stim .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  null   open
truth:  default   stim

test:  match the mine exists .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  add the current slash request to the db .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check whether an ast filename exists in the context .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep suspend the mac address to empty .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  suspend   null
truth:  put   put

test:  raises a collection if it is not a collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   check

test:  make markdown extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  converts   extension
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  set a corresponding index for a breadth-first buffer .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  color   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  update the users password .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  check the vcenter connection .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  show   null
truth:  if   test

test:  given a file name .
truth: from url . 
test:  find   assert
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribe a user to a creator creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   a
truth:  subscribes   a

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  source   source
truth:  copy   resource

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  xxx: needs to be the first item of the matrix a .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  if   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  registers a service .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as non th should be instantiated .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  numpy largest centrality for each node .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieve a timezone from the given location .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  show   request
truth:  time   time

test:  computes the symmetric images in x and targets .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  -   runs
truth:  -   -

test:  remove senderkey from senderkey .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   senderkey

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  delete an existing key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return the package with the given name or name .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  convert   test
truth:  return   return

test:  test user user to delete user .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  default   default

test:  chown a user id .
truth: same as os . 
test:  chown   null
truth:  null   null

test:  uninstalls one or more packages if not already deactivated .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  clean   one
truth:  deactivate   a

test:  send email after purchase after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  retrieve the pid of the process with the given pid .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   pid
truth:  null   ancestors

test:  load named backend for the backend that was just a good backend to use .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  build   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  ensure we can tokenize without still tokenize .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure that its possible to easily read a request with a new wheels with a results_dirpath .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  tests   sample
truth:  ensure   multipart

test:  create an autoscaler on the policy and return the new policy .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if user can download group .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   tests

test:  check that strong gpu bunch of pycuda operations for pycuda .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a process string to a string .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  process   a

test:  which is the internal internal function for policy policy .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  filter the list of inputs to make the map that can be included in the list for each input variable .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  list   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  verify that image is in a json image .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  determine current transaction .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  null   privileges

test:  get the complex with collide .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  run failure and write hosts .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  run   test
truth:  control   control

test:  return the string to use for the cli tool .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  tries to convert a cluster to an array of maps .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  convert   round
truth:  converts   a

test:  get the review version as a python version .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  skip a test if docker container is true .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  apply a profile on a pagerduty node .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  mask   set
truth:  apply   apply

test:  check if two objects are equal .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  if   reading
truth:  if   check

test:  return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string that can be used to converted a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if path has proper permissions .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the amount of seconds currently being used .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initializes bookmark completion .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   bookmark

test:  add group type as group for group .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  access   group
truth:  access   access

test:  returns data files to use for given user .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  to   path
truth:  return   return

test:  get the tls cacert url from a tls url .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the maximum along the given axis of the tensor .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a text directive of the text .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  text   text

test:  make sure ast can compile valid tuple .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   tuples

test:  generates the activation function for a sequence of even .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  find   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the given name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a file or a directory .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  null   a
truth:  remove   backslashes

test:  permanently edit a group .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  to   view
truth:  to   view

test:  set a given events .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  edit   a

test:  exclude event components .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  decrypt   exclude
truth:  exclude   exclude

test:  create pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given two successfully .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  error   null
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network device inventory information .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   network
truth:  print   print

test:  recursively get filename out an api running .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  create   quota
truth:  validate   validate

test:  compare the given gateway .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  transform a string to a directory .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will mark a string for translation and will translate the current context .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get notifications for all doctypes .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  checks   config
truth:  null   notifications

test:  a shortcut for the logging shouldnt have a leading even .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  verify   pull
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  api endpoint; returns a string containing a 301 optional: : according to the requested uid: setting .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  print   null
truth:  verify   signature

test:  converts a :py:func:~ckan field to a dotted path .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  template   a
truth:  used   null

test:  responds to the user configuration files .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  password   use
truth:  ask   null

test:  compute subresultant triggers and selector for a variable .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  use   replace
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the current status .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  process   process
truth:  get   get

test:  read the nih image from file and return as a cleanup .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  port   reading
truth:  read   read

test:  returns list of items for the given matrix .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  set up gui if writer_populator: is present in the directory tree .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  remove   images
truth:  clean   up

test:  gets due date on party for given posting .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  returns   generic
truth:  set   set

test:  check and set the generated dbms to verify the generated dbms authentication with a specific dbms .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns about page .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  null   shows
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a datetime object to a timestamp .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   microseconds

test:  create the id of the given identity for the given context .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   value

test:  opens a file name .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function renders a template with the specified name and appends it to the current working type .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a query to the latest version of the given instance .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  index   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  context manager to yield a virtualenv within a given directory .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  run the fs_file object and stores it up till till .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  create an python module given a path .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  replaces   return
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   a

test:  return a list of all courses that have been sorted by their given course .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  icon icon or downloads user .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  to   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return a function with no arguments being a function .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  null   test
truth:  function   function

test:  create a tree tree at the given node .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  close   add
truth:  display   display

test:  ensure the named target is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return a wrapped string containing key-value pairs for a fromfile file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  load   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  decorator for providing a container to a container .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  use   a
truth:  assures   null

test:  return a schema class .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a list of lists as returned by rfc 2822 .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  dump info about prefix .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  log   wrapper
truth:  dump   info

test:  test reading operators .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  rate   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  update sailthru marketing marketing config by config .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  null   list
truth:  enable   enable

test:  install the path provided .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  set   query
truth:  implement   null

test:  update a cloudpipe .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  set   a
truth:  update   update

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  calculate the average size of the calculates calculates a batch .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a tool from the database via id and c .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  resize multiple images at once .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  resize   promo

test:  jpeg data in jfif format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   data

test:  split a line into multiple lines .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup tellstick wemo platform .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   register
truth:  setup   wemo

test:  extract element from the given dict .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  undo   text
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to write metadata to file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  to   task
truth:  function   function

test:  auth info with status information .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  get   information
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  decorator to wrap a function or a generator .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  call   null
truth:  chained   a

test:  drop a blob from all files that match a list of images .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  set preprint providers providers .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  set   dict
truth:  populate   populate

test:  ensure the profile user has created .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  signal   set
truth:  create   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return whether a glob is a file or a glob path relative to pathname .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  select *k* points from the input *individuals* .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  load a database from the same data and return it .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  return   x
truth:  load   observatory

test:  writes the message to the log file using the given trace .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   function
truth:  writes   null

test:  skips test if given .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  if   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  cleanup flowgrams .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  clean   a

test:  return a function by name .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  build   new
truth:  create   astroid

test:  return the real base name .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  url   return
truth:  rebuilds   a

test:  creates the sqlcmd configuration directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a simple tasks .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  null   null
truth:  print   a

test:  returns the logarithm of a correspond unit within a 2d image .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  null   dict
truth:  convolve   x

test:  determine if we are a multilabel of an array .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  remove a file .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  recursive   null

test:  try to loaded the vispy modules .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  raises   list
truth:  import   import

test:  return true if the given part of the input line looks like a part of the argument .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  test that a wheel is shown when we are not .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warn   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   function
truth:  rolls   back

test:  function which provides the absolute value of the gamma function .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  null   coordinates
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the targets gt for one variable onto the activation tracker .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  given   ground

test:  kill a process .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   routine

test:  superimposes two images .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  null   mock
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and page links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a and np .
truth: compute np . 
test:  null   variable
truth:  compute   np

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  verify that sparse sparse matrices gives the same colors .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  performs the view on the specified dbms request .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate all setup in reporter .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  validates   validates

test:  get the list of completions for an object .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  null   find
truth:  return   info

test:  get user copy for the current desktop copy .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   user

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  create a custom tags for use with the same name .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  makes   list
truth:  take   a

test:  parse params and return 1 .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  given   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return output of array containing value .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get page context info .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the system encoding by the locale name .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  determines   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns an empty version that is installed cli example: .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete bookmark user by name .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  return   object
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the contents of a predicative or suffix in the given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  if   step
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the name of the python implementation .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  landing   stuff
truth:  null   a

test:  get the current secret .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   appscale

test:  parses the data from a start to a end of a data .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  parse   callback
truth:  gets   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  normalize data to servers using the following assert_called_once function .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  pop   flag
truth:  profile   profile

test:  creates a track function that is run in events .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  make   a

test:  convert a uid to a user name .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a custom app instance .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the second kind .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  generate test modules .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  generate   callback
truth:  return   a

test:  dedent the given indent .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  dedent   null

test:  list all messages and its members .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  waits for the redis worker to reach a redis job .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  time   failure
truth:  raise   null

test:  compare two strings .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  compare   post
truth:  to   helper

test:  sends a tree of contents to a human-readable file .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  write   a
truth:  print   a

test:  generate commands sorted list of generator based on belong .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  catch   generator
truth:  sorted   null

test:  calculate the white white of discrete date for a sample .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  computes   statsmodels
truth:  null   heteroscedasticity

test:  compute the hash for a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote a shell command line for serious .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  wrap   paragraphs
truth:  text   text

test:  get the authentication token by context .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a nuttall window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the tp is available .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  check   check

test:  reports that the current page is up to a given message .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  try   wrapper
truth:  is   null

test:  iterate over corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  compress   null
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  helper function to split attributes into multiple groups .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  splits   list
truth:  return   candidate

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorate a function by functions .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  decorates   decorate

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  determine a unique database options .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  get   data
truth:  null   type

test:  copy a file at the given destination .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  sign   a

test:  get a specific engine engine for a specific engine .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the object that a unicode string .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  search for releases query and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  start a function using matplotlib/tk .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  build   a
truth:  plot   a

test:  create a adam for all trees .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  removes   batch
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a list of packages found in the root directory .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  package   a
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression arrow id .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  pop the current transaction .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  pop   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write a fiff file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   measurement

test:  get the default textiowrapper size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  add a time zone to a file .
truth: factory function . 
test:  set   a
truth:  function   function

test:  scan an organization by name .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  null   api

test:  simply returns the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   identity

test:  find and return vera switches .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   up
truth:  find   find

test:  get all tag or raise if namespace or tags .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  a simple wrapper that allows a condition of a c{maintype} attribute to invoke a condition by the returncode occurs .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return whether args should be passed to c .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  does   null
truth:  if   null

test:  a view that can be used by client tests in csrf authentication .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  determines   size
truth:  context   processor

test:  determine the default group of the named process id cli example: .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  code   property
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the file output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  read until an chunks of something until it is something .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the list of apps that need to be on the installed applications .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  return   load
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gets subscription information about a topic .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  returns   subscription
truth:  get   subscription

test:  helper to add ipv6 addresses to the ipv6 address .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  host   add
truth:  rules   rules

test:  get the buffer from the buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  to   transform
truth:  accepts   a

test:  add users to database .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  add   create
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate a hashed digest of a given string .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a hash of data from a string .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  convert   strings

test:  returns the diffchunkgenerator function .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python constant where elements elementwise is an re .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  evaluate   a

test:  returns a list of attribute strings that are present in the provider .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a given items is an no range .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  starts   test
truth:  start   start

test:  escape cdata for use in a url .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   data
truth:  escape   a

test:  convert a long integer to an integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  inverse of the sequence in a sequence .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test that subsequent image can be loaded .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   os

test:  this function takes a session and shows it on a session .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  test   test

test:  create a security group by id or group with new security name .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  given   default
truth:  default   default

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  create a new interactive interactive window if the standard window should be done .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  reboot one or more search components .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  parsing   a
truth:  reboot   one

test:  return a mock for the function *method_name* on *cls* where the function is reversed after pytest uses it .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a volume object in the volume .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a module instances from its instances .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  poweroff a running system with no timeout or warning cli example: .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  null   upgrade
truth:  null   power

test:  computes a set of labels for each type of cumulative labels .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  set   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test whether a path is a directory .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  check to see if a list exists .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  find the greedy policy .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  point   count
truth:  find   find

test:  yaml: dynamic-string-scriptler dynamic dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dict of all the images that are on the provider .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  null   images
truth:  return   return

test:  filter a generator for each of a thing .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  null   links
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a version string .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  stop enquiry section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   dtmf

test:  get the repr of the passed object .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check for the specified table in the specified table cli example: .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   function
truth:  check   check

test:  return whether the request is present in the request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  produce   returns
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the evaluated float .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  returns a dictionary which is the elements of all possible values in iterable .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create a button button for the consumers of the same indicator .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  null   null
truth:  hide   hide

test:  return list of trackinfo objects to be handled by arbitrary section .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  copy   validation
truth:  null   deepcopy

test:  return a safe copy of s .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  produce namespace tree for an individual tree .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  perform   *
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the bipartite clustering of nodes for nodes .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   a

test:  unsolve a single solution .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  accept   accept

test:  run the suite test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   blocks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  to use an admin g cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  list   null
truth:  template   template

test:  format the output graph for use in format .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  export   method

test:  set a dictionary for the priv .
truth: process part . 
test:  process   source
truth:  process   part

test:  converts a show name into its real words .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  renames   name
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  split the best possible median list into the list of median tuples .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  null   type
truth:  null   partition

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  update child versions .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  do   versions
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that given virtual database is present name the name of the database to remove name the virtual of the database to remove name of the database to remove name
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  make sure the process when the output is raised .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get the fully qualified class names from the given string .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  null   imports
truth:  import   a

test:  test that a set of completion works .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the string representation of the python object .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  identify   get
truth:  get   get

test:  allocate an uninitialized timedelta result slot .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  converts the given path to a file .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   bucket

test:  read a flat parameters from a file .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  records test for a test .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  provides the id of the user jail .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  table with col delimiters .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  test   input
truth:  null   table

test:  returns a storage object with all the request and post values .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a new random seed with the given number .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns unique host from an iterable .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  processes a template to studio with context and set it in the template context .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  using   a
truth:  render   a

test:  test parsing of u .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  test   a
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the discussion tab tab in the course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   user
truth:  remove   remove

test:  takes a string containing a sympy number formatted as the string .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  complete   convert
truth:  extract   slug

test:  set page size from request .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   page

test:  prints all the common prefixes in the given list of nested statistics .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  negotiate websocket .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  evaluate   find
truth:  to   try

test:  initialize the release module .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  to   fbater
truth:  clone   clone

test:  compute the pressure of a vector field computed wrt the pressures module .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  estimate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  function that processes vendor parameters from show version output to obtain the model .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  ask   function
truth:  obtain   vendor

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror input into the shutdown .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  exit   order
truth:  quit   null

test:  sends an api put request .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  determine the sql associated with a distance between two strings .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  handles password reset reset .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  view   view

test:  wrapper to create syslog-ng file name .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  config   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  download and download sumaclust then copy it to the scripts directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  returns the lpol matrix for n elements of *x* .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  coefficients   a
truth:  null   representation

test:  module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 algorithm .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  sends a menu .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  command   map
truth:  shows   a

test:  calculate the number of times a substring can be used by a constant in a <script> number of *total* .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper around eventlet .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  eventlet   eventlet

test:  return the platonic trivial graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object looks like an terminal item .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  null   relational_expression
truth:  null   relational_expression

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  check that vlog() is only used for defining a logging level .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test copy data to a file .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  test   test

test:  opens a given filename .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   grep

test:  construct true if the config options from a prefix .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  return   config
truth:  config   config

test:  create a regex containing a declaring status code .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  converts   checksum
truth:  converts   converts

test:  ajax view to search for static user .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  source   view
truth:  search   search

test:  get the users postgresql directory that the user is in .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  drops   drops

test:  create a terminalwriter client configured with a cloud project and inject it into the api object .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  unmount a running system cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  pop   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  execute a system restorecon on the system .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  send   print
truth:  reset   reset

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  accepts a processing processing .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the log level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  tweak   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a mode for the given course .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  add   a

test:  ensure that we can fail a case with a simple worker .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  null   pad
truth:  model   a

test:  return true if the hostname looks like a buggy agent .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   css

test:  check that the currently editable fields is editable .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  check   metadata
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to bench .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns value decoded from dbms specific hexadecimal representation .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  value   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  returns the differential equation for each surrounding differential equation .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  associate the user with the given email address .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  return   user

test:  encode a python object .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  if   python

test:  returns an upgrade version .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the snmp part of the snmp skipping as a zip string .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  load   print
truth:  null   null

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   router

test:  get the usage function by name .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  get   return
truth:  show   current

test:  returns true if the given descriptors appears to be refreshed in the mon environment .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  get   cache
truth:  return   return

test:  marks the current context as wanting and sets it as its current context object .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the content for a cached cached location .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  return   encoding
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  counts the number of numbers in a hexadecimal .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  convert   count
truth:  counts   counts

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_abstract_declarator

test:  normalize an array .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  compute samples for samples .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and allocate it .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   a
truth:  allocate   null

test:  given a list of integers .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  parse   work
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make successive api of sequence visited with even entries .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  partitions   null
truth:  check   check

test:  adds descriptor for enum member .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  check that the multiple token values have a positive type .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  perform   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  marks a view function as being view .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  test if unknown completion is unknown .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  null   null
truth:  getting   test

test:  decorator to require the user or admin aggregate .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a dersequence object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a string into ascii array .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  pass   string
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns: list of located located of directories on the master .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  compute   details
truth:  null   null

test:  sets an basis like representation .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a inter-mapper attribute .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   a

test:  install a certificate to a keychain keychain the keychain the keychain the keychain the keychain to install keychain the keychain the keychain the keychain the keychain .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  restart the named sources .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  send simple command down the name of type .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  show   null
truth:  command   command

test:  decrypts a hash with the given module and times it .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  decrypt   null
truth:  based   null

test:  activate a fake registration registration .
truth: register the device . 
test:  intended   prints
truth:  register   register

test:  compute a file in a set of data .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  compute   up
truth:  hash   a

test:  returns whether the user can access the given course for other nodes .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path length of the shortest path from source to target in a weighted graph .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   chocolatey
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path to the sympy .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  get   sys
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an payment .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  fake   fake

test:  a factory to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  delete containers .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  remove   containers

test:  get the modified time of the given module .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  package   check
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a decorator that can be used as a decorator for <parent xenapi plugin .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator_from_middleware
truth:  given   a

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   compute
truth:  merge   merge

test:  get the unicode text from the local node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge the data from a sequence .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  delete a metadef object or raise if namespace or object doesnt exist .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the xblock id for the xblocks xblocks id .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  flag an action that displays the given action .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  grant   one

test:  import and return a module to be imported .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  to   module
truth:  to   attempt

test:  load data from standard locations .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  returns   manager
truth:  gets   null

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  get   test
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply together several polynomials of f in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   workers
truth:  multiply   a

test:  it should extract regular step correctly into tabular step .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decompress input string for the form of a string .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  given   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  get the arp ether .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  gets   yaml
truth:  null   a

test:  do openssl update files on the local machine .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  return   escape
truth:  return   return

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   quota
truth:  enable   quota

test:  get whether remote events is on remote :return: a displays of events :rtype: bool cli example: .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  get   get
truth:  displays   null

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix cosine function of standard error .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  computes   null

test:  progress section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  modify   section
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  strip the provided string and drill drill with the given base .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  returns   element
truth:  optimized   null

test:  implement the expected value for a datetime object .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  get   number

test:  system information type information section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  starts a server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  start   server
truth:  null   api

test:  sends an sms number that does not already exist .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  create an exponential delay .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  create   create

test:  return a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ip address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterate over notes .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  object   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  test ica twice .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   prints
truth:  running   running

test:  unittest decorator to skip a test if a module is false .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attach a user story to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   glance
truth:  attach   null

test:  update the version number for the aws release .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  if   context
truth:  update   version

test:  sends a devices out of a analytics analytics .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  track   null
truth:  sends   login

test:  ciphering release section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  complete   fee
truth:  ciphering   mode

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to allocated multicast address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the string representing the current year .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  return   add
truth:  score   score

test:  return a configured oslo_messaging urls that contribute to sensor .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  function   url
truth:  determines   null

test:  add square with two pixels around the pixel dictionary to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  square   add
truth:  square   square

test:  return whether or not an upgrade is available for a command .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   null

test:  waits for the element to become an element with an element .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  wait   assert
truth:  click   click

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  this function is very to get and represent it .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  calls   one
truth:  -   -

test:  yields parsed raw ids given by a query and ids .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  iterate over fields in a dictionary .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  given   factory
truth:  iterate   null

test:  returns all courses courses that a course has been access to the given course .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  respond   null
truth:  list   list

test:  theano theano function for theano variables that are theano before the given interface .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  simplify   a

test:  hash a ldap user dicts .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  hash   a

test:  decodes a entity_pb .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  copy   entity
truth:  prepares   null

test:  x: a theano variable y: a theano variable expr: a theano expression involving x and y returns the pixel value y_value: a numpy value returns the value of keys .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test specific application against numpy arrays .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   sphere
truth:  using   test

test:  convert the value into a boolean .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  write the packet to the socket .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  write   null

test:  create a file hash from a proto_library file .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  null   file
truth:  takes   a

test:  execute a command and activation output .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  run   get
truth:  predefined   return

test:  ensure the named job is absent .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a function path given its name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  uses list of task objects to parse them example .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  function   a
truth:  read   a

test:  delete pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   module
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the given package is not installed with the given user .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a directed environment variable .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  calls   prints
truth:  create   a

test:  disassociate a floating ip .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  host   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  join a graph in the input graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test bootstrap widget performs config file .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  is   null

test:  function that measures the target entropy between the target and the output: see if the output: .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   criterion

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute logistic loss .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  compute   hook
truth:  computes   null

test:  generator that iterates over all values in iterable .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get all policy from a user .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  receive a test method with a message to the next action that expects to be sent .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  bind a socket to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find the type by attributes .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  return   find
truth:  matching   matching

test:  test serie as a none serie serie .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   classes

test:  returns the region name for a number of regions .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  set the audio output of the messages .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  plot a list of image vectors after the data point .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  password   features
truth:  generate   a

test:  take a title and a string and return its first two dots .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a key/value key/value key/value pairs to a key/value key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a string to stdout .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  print   print

test:  encode the encoder type for a given type .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns the size of the device size that can be used to supply the short commentedheader to .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if the user is logged in .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  tests   view
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create only those ngram set with given input .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  bind the given value to an object .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  bind   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   decodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a np .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a matrix representing the elements of a box .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  is   error
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse a conda filename .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a fixture that sets the default filesystem .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the info from a template file .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  find a users host or raise if it does not exist .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  close   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns place of the given alias .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  generate   routine
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   http

test:  return a ~astropy .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  to   response
truth:  given   null

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   null

test:  formats a date as the time since last expiry datetime .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  if   a
truth:  expired   show

test:  fixture which provides a fake config stub object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return all packages within directory where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the alternating group on n elements as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears the logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  evaluate an error handler for its given arguments .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  cleans   i
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the text of a text file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  compute   md5

test:  a word-wrap function .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  text   text

test:  get an item from a string or unicode .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   reading
truth:  detects   faces

test:  returns a list of all registered table names .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  format a datetime object for the rrc822 keyword arguments .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  creates a minimal thread for the given thread .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  return   build
truth:  create   a

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  update   set
truth:  set   set

test:  read all the keys from the tree with respect to a directed attribute of the tree .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  bans   a
truth:  ignores   a

test:  return a random job based on the prefix .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check that given field is a percent of percent .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  parse date and locator data .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write the string to a file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  return true if the given filename can be read .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   null
truth:  see   null

test:  fetches all logging of the startup .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  get   downloads
truth:  initialize   null

test:  image asterisks for mntd .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  mean   mean

test:  to indent list of indent .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  return   build
truth:  return   a

test:  testing that the proposed quotes is changed within double quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  revoke and add a panel to each panel of the task .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  request   details
truth:  revoke   task

test:  return the names of the two passed as a .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run a python command .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  start   a

test:  load social auth current user data to context .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   current

test:  check that the test is a valid datastore .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  raises   null

test:  test reading unbounded table with inconstent values chopped .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  if   input
truth:  null   null

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  try   mock
truth:  mock   mock

test:  parse a string of a file and return a hexii-dump of exactly installed up with a comma separated by a comma shape .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  strip   filter
truth:  parses   parses

test:  adds a space or a space to the space .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  populate   populate

test:  returns the md5 hashdigest of a given string .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  return   return
truth:  base64   base64

test:  cast an argument to an argument .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  stacks   cast
truth:  to   attempts

test:  formats a timestamp for display to a time object .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   utility

test:  renders a template messages that renders a template .
truth: show django . 
test:  renders   context
truth:  show   django

test:  returns true if received tool is within the same tool within the given dependency .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  detect   null

test:  run a list of arguments given its arguments .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  run   null
truth:  given   a

test:  language: pt-br -> language class supports french "pt-br" .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   fr

test:  set warnings can be enabled .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  display   helper
truth:  set   set

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   motion
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  initialize   function
truth:  initialize   theano

test:  setup logging for the script .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  required   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  given a path to an absolute path .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  download   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the 2nd list of labels .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  assumes   null

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  congestion section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  disconnect   section
truth:  control   control

test:  create default handlers for all handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  generate   shows
truth:  null   handlers

test:  returns the user info or none if it is available .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   user

test:  generates a string of random characters .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start the job history on the decorator; history .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  select   move
truth:  search   search

test:  return the bom items from a json file .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  compute   cache
truth:  return   return

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  renders   djangos
truth:  default   default

test:  runs quick and exit with the given command .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   a

test:  writes the message in the text representation of a text file .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  null   transforms
truth:  return   a

test:  test installing from a pypi pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  decorator that checks if a stack has a necessary policy .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse a dict of key pairs into a dictionary .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  given   lists
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get information about the requested paste_deploy .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  null   method

test:  return the version of the current linux distribution cli example: .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  simple log of the log likelihood of the given row .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  null   x
truth:  normalize   x

test:  returns a static web wsgi filter for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  compute profile line using profile algorithm .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  calculate   =
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a python element to a unicode string .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the given file is a animation file .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   elements
truth:  return   return

test:  get the current metric name .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   key

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   mapnode
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  performs a permission requests with the given signature .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  executes the user for a single application .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  executes   like
truth:  like   like

test:  statement : bad&rule .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   statement

test:  determine the focused attribute of the csc builtin methods and usage_key_string loads all the extra part of the element present in classical projects .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   field

test:  performs a version of data that is written to a direct image .
truth: return major . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load a file .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true if primer seqs allowed allowed allowed given .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns if the edit view should be c .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generic multivariate *min_* .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  null   bivariate
truth:  null   bivariate

test:  this function takes a unicode value of a callable and returns an alternate version of text .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   a

test:  return whether a given user is a ethernet response for use in a given app .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  join the given string .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  given a class or method .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  null   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns true if the given descriptors appears to be refreshed in the mon environment .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  adds a hosts document to dictionary and caused nodes in db .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  query   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test checking for setting of source file which create a digital and target .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  test   test
truth:  create   a

test:  write the .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  write   null
truth:  generate   info

test:  returns whether the tool has datasource xml .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  return   tool
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a draft that is the draft and returns the current draft .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  module   module

test:  check if system is converted to a system .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  to   outputs
truth:  check   check

test:  a report then fail it a valid python interpreter .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  do   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  apply all the natural objects to a collection .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  make sure all the configs is ignored .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  check   lists
truth:  if   checks

test:  override the theme class .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   http

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  fragment   a

test:  return a list of tests that will run all tests in the given directory .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  make   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  gets the index of a nested element .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  return   a
truth:  nested   get

test:  parse the matrix matrix into a dictionary of lines .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  parse   lines
truth:  null   parser

test:  convert a dictionary of unique elements into an array of column objects .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  map   map

test:  lock a file descriptor .
truth: lock file . 
test:  collects   handle
truth:  file   file

test:  calculates the hash with the given hash of the given hash .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the wcs records from the given instance .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add given suffix to the given file object .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  add   new
truth:  returns   a

test:  set a new home home directory to use .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return a human readable string .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  given   convenience
truth:  return   return

test:  args: one or more two strings are equal .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  returns   product
truth:  create   a

test:  add an element to the list table .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  if   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a list of keys sorted by values .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  sort   syntax
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks the default widget type .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  to   null

test:  removes a stripped after the employees event loop .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  normalized   null
truth:  return   a

test:  compare two images .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  return   xml
truth:  compute   compute

test:  verify that a string is valid for the given app_label .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   asserts
truth:  verify   a

test:  direct the lists of the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  loop   a
truth:  direct   null

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  set the item at the location to be used .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  move   a
truth:  null   item

test:  wait for calls to finish .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  poll   waits
truth:  func   func

test:  unpack lines .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  null   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge device .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  validate whether or not the type is of any of a validator .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  gets the description for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  maps keys for attachment details view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns an ipv6 port on localhost and optional port .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put a vmware mode in its name cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  close   put
truth:  take   null

test:  return continued length as a continued matrix .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function for getting a single item by id or topic .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  generate points for property property .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  points   points

test:  creates a new breadcrumbs .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the loops going through the loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the string to a datetime .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transforms the given node to a dict .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  count   generate
truth:  to   function

test:  yield recwarn via the test .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  return   a

test:  removes a tablespace from the postgres server .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  helper for handling of vertical data on their position in channel .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  null   pad
truth:  deal   null

test:  read lsm events and return as list of list .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   lsm

test:  return the working directory path .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  return   show
truth:  returns   current

test:  preload data from a new audio delay .
truth: get streams . 
test:  defines   decodes
truth:  get   streams

test:  formats units so that it is human between human readable .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require the system user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  compute the types of compatible function .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  match   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns true if tour is complete .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  given a description of the spherical test which is correctly for a test .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  construct   entry
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the language prefix is a language patterns .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  jahnke-emden test modulo of the first kind .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  polynomials   decorator
truth:  null   numbers

test:  send message to hipchat from your container token .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  send   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  create a new version/file .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to get user and project and project .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   subscriptions

test:  add a url to a canonicalize url .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  canonicalize   null

test:  make a erfa link for erfa sizes .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  if   string
truth:  function   function

test:  check if the given path is a virtio device that we dont start with the mask to run in .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  create a cache key that compare a list of possible tuples .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  parse the given string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  add a boot zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  boot   shutdown
truth:  boot   boot

test:  this method returns a entry in the file .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  widen   null
truth:  load   graph

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  forces   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get reference to the vm with the extraconfig uuid .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   reference

test:  differentiate and return a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  order   order

test:  yaml: writeme minimum of epochs .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  constrained   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  set the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  replace   user
truth:  set   set

test:  return a single doctype object if it exists .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  get a list of files for a user .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   prefix
truth:  get   get

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  determine if the provided ip address is a valid ip .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  if   null
truth:  dotted   convert

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  show the fiff as a string .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  read   show
truth:  show   show

test:  convenience function to check whether a directive directive contains a specified names .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   method

test:  adds components to the given page .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  add   variant
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  returns html path of given path .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  map   a

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in yaml file .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   default_data
truth:  scan   default_data

test:  dispatches hook dictionary .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   a
truth:  dispatches   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return all packages in directory where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return x and zeros of a qt .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  like   like

test:  get the wrapped float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  wrapped   get

test:  install flocker distribution .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   tuple
truth:  install   zfs

test:  add a new child .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a unix test method that tests the given arguments and linenumber .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  using   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether the given flash are currently configured in a particular flash .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  milestone add .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  null   message
truth:  null   milestone

test:  filter out consumer in the consumer of a callable .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks vrouter on vrouter .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a constraint for a correct type 1 .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  correct   a
truth:  given   a

test:  default zone .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  compile   current
truth:  default   default

test:  no slower .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the given etree subscription to a 2-tuple subscription .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  perform   apply
truth:  converts   entry

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  upload tarball to copy .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  upload   tarball

test:  test a timedelta with a timedelta folder .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  helpful linear unit # arguments are different .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch a remote refs from the selected server .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  objects   objects

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  check if pep8 is installed .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  calculate   filename
truth:  source   source

test:  returns the sss rank of the first timing of the nn guide .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a wrapper for the report .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  create   pool
truth:  get   get

test:  plots a line to a new figure .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  plots   details
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  cast an enum to int value .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  reconstruct   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  flatten a variable of graph to a variable with small hints .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  reshapes   null

test:  fix the contents of two terms for common terms .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  search   tuple
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a value from the logs .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  manages   function
truth:  destroy   session

test:  gets the list of named named graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the url for the given image .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns the value of the elements of a list .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  splits   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an image to a network input image .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  subtract   mean

test:  completes packages found in the form of a multi-line multi-line line .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  complete   completion
truth:  based   null

test:  makes a bound method for a given name .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   magic

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch device .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  get the first resource id for a resource .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  defines and programs programs .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  scan   view
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure that for building a cudandarray is provided .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get markdown file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  connect to a tunneled server .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  run   open
truth:  try   passwordless

test:  retrieve all the system roles cli example: .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  get   function
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compute the negative difference of pixels .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  if   null
truth:  files   files

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract the message .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  to   find
truth:  to   attempt

test:  evaluate an incoming routes using the provided method and match arguments .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  match   a
truth:  to   null

test:  generates a random random .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns true if csv is valid .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new instance object .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checkout a bracketregion .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  perform   command
truth:  git   git

test:  check for a function which represents a function on a specific argument .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  tests   arguments
truth:  to   test

test:  llvm llvm function for ftype 1 .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  define   a

test:  set the value of a key in memcache .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   multiple

test:  test that the current timeout is the same as the time .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a list of resource pools by each each tag in a list .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   display
truth:  return   a

test:  test missing argument .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  null   test
truth:  show   show

test:  a factory for parsing token keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  based   null

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  starts a queue size in bytes .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a remote mercurial repository from the local resources .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  working   fetch
truth:  changes   changes

test:  we can add an episode to a normal episode in twisted .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  return   function
truth:  log   history

test:  main program .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  null   section
truth:  using   testing

test:  returns a list of authorization headers .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  return   changes
truth:  call   call

test:  returns true if point should be located .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{set} dictionary .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  downgrade assets db by removing the auto_close_date column .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  get   assets
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  given a square image .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  get   information
truth:  if   null

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a function that can correctly converts a movie to a normal stream .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  return   a
truth:  called   null

test:  usage: {% page_permissions page as page_perms %} sets the filesystem .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  null   hits
truth:  usage   usage

test:  inject tags of the database with defined name .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  require   null
truth:  injects   null

test:  test no output with a merge bundle .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  raises   correlation
truth:  missing   a

test:  given callables name .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  merges   null
truth:  null   c{g}s

test:  update the named user .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  update   update
truth:  config   config

test:  check that the caller instance is valid on the caller .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  check   check
truth:  function   function

test:  wraps djangos rules used to skip entire tables .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  emulate   return
truth:  null   builder

test:  determine if the given path is in the current device .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  if   return
truth:  given   a

test:  create a double double frame .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  this function look up a class by a string and return it .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve the remaining remaining quota quota for a given unit .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  get   users
truth:  called   method

test:  sets the gpu fraction for tensorflow fraction object .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  set   set

test:  regular a document .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  change   null
truth:  append   append

test:  the selected record for a specific record .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  set   groups
truth:  null   groups

test:  return the sum of the elements of the given iterable .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  call   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the host size of a host memory buffer .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list of folders .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dll to a dll .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   dll

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  create an filters dict for values in the predicate specified by name .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  reload the make sure the given command was built .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   reload

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   new

test:  computes the l2 gordan equation of a box or a distance matrix .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a message id from the given site .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a continuous random variable with a rayleigh distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  register   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the name of the current backend .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  null   get
truth:  backend   backend

test:  takes a list of images for only a series of images with the percentage for each of only images .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  traverse   list
truth:  determines   null

test:  restarts a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  change   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  get css version as key .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   comparison
truth:  get   comparison

test:  convert all number of country that have a phone number using the phone number of country calling code .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  take   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a profile id .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  nice join to a sequence .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  join   join

test:  checks the limit of docs is valid .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a path corresponding to a scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a comma-separated subclass that can be either a custom value .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  set   attempts
truth:  set   set

test:  run metagenomeseqs gui .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  execute   build
truth:  run   run

test:  find a conda prefix for a given prefix .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  find   a
truth:  supplied   null

test:  restrict forward transform for a forward transform .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  transform   helper
truth:  restrict   null

test:  read the current traffic configuration from the candidate .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   resource
truth:  read   traffic

test:  create a new addon application for the given addon .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return a list of normalized info for the current thread .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  normalize   build
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  retrieve a resource parameter for the given http .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the gram-schmidt of a and address .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  renders a template with its callable as callable .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  function   ruler
truth:  create   a

test:  return an iterator over a type for a type .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  get   a

test:  create all functional directories and directories in windows .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  sorts a mapping of :[row_headers] based on the ability .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  check if ufunc is installed .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   variant

test:  api endpoint for downloads files from the video .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  downloads   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test edf with edf .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  color   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  list   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the project id .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  check dates for a specific period of period and end .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  get   multivariate
truth:  return   return

test:  get eip fail .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  gets   test
truth:  error   error

test:  return the storage repository to hold vm images .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  return   return

test:  it doesnt upgrade a dependency if it already satisfies the requirements .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  add the x intersection indexes for the loops .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  runs the given command with the given target .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   output
truth:  unmount   a

test:  convert a document with a dict that was just like a dict with a dict with the urllib2 possible .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   a

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if shell is a shell of a shell .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  test   return
truth:  if   check

test:  updates episodes metadata .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  sets   photos
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a list of available images cli example: .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  run the work() release .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  null   run
truth:  dispatches   everything

test:  extract a list of supported volume .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  list   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  returns a list of orbits for a strong generating set of bsgs objects .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  compute   dict
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  thin wrapper around the output of messages .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  writes   text
truth:  print   print

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generates a set of nodes and a new graph for each graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the carving for a gcode file .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a path is a dotted hidden or a dotted or a dotted .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  loads translated strings into a list of ast .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  import   translations
truth:  import   bookmarks

test:  return the cover of the given image container name or none if no cover is given .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  tests   find
truth:  find   a

test:  print a notification setting page .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  create a tree tree node from a tree .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format the oauth oauth protocol messages into a dictionary .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  pass   in

test:  wrapper around run a container .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the validation schema .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  function   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a token for a given token .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  raise exception on resource class .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  get media library the media_list_player instance .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  get   media
truth:  get   media

test:  filter list of all source files in a given directory .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  builds   create
truth:  given   null

test:  get connection info .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  get   information
truth:  grab   mysql

test:  get the loop from the circle nodes .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   manager
truth:  get   get

test:  cast string to form .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  marathon utility function runs a marathon application .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  home handler for the home assistant system .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  null   debug
truth:  provide   information

test:  enqueues a student object that will run in the course .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  catches   shows
truth:  display   display

test:  this is a fast fast .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  null   indices
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get absolute path to resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   get

test:  increments element in dictionary element .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   element
truth:  increments   element

test:  converts an integer to file descriptor or file descriptor .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  show the current contents of a specific configuration cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   information
truth:  return   a

test:  args: path to exit to update rights tries to run executable in exec .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  to   create
truth:  update   update

test:  run a python module in the "exec" directory .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  execute   a

test:  this function launches a new user for the given id .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  function   null
truth:  display   a

test:  verify the config file .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verify   runs
truth:  server_root   server_root

test:  try to find a controller directory in the given directory .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  search   null
truth:  scan   a

test:  prefer prefer property into all node .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  go   null

test:  make a testcase for tests that verify the volumeservice class is just a specific volumeservice .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  create   tests
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the given body body is empty .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a file .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  internal method to resolve the current connection .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiate a cipher object that performs a cipher .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  create   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  do   send
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   p
truth:  p   p

test:  compute the euclidean distances between x and y .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  format message into a message .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  make   request
truth:  null   helper

test:  check that path is a directory .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  return   test
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  check for vote .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   null

test:  get a list of unstaged changes to load a file .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  indices   urls
truth:  walk   null

test:  return source space for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  embed an image into the specified maxwidth .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   row
truth:  embed   album

test:  get the binary file name for the current working directory .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  converts   get
truth:  grab   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  remove all rules that are supplied as a list of rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  list   rules
truth:  using   null

test:  compute a mesh weighted graph .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  =   row
truth:  return   sparse

test:  integer k with integer designate .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  utility function for the base of a string .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  see   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build the cached stuff for a given template .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   function
truth:  build   a

test:  convert a signed token string to a numpy token .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a rule name .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   add

test:  reduces an absolute uri to a file .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  return a dict of contents of the specified port .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  like   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ignore error and error error in exception .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  ignores   error
truth:  check   check

test:  set the web-history matrix to check if they are on history .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  alias for audit audit audit open .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  retrieves   purpose
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  initialize the module handler on the vm .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sync specific value of the given record .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  cached   runs
truth:  solves   problem

test:  request a task with instructor certificates as any pending task .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  create   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  namespace_scope : simple_stmt lt newline | newline | rule .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  write   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply a key from the translation .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  replace   context
truth:  modify   null

test:  test a line profile using an ndim=2 image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  testing   a
truth:  test   a

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the list of known global variables .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  initialize   set
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a numpy array to the plane format .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  create   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  capture a responder by the responder and backup the result in a responder .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  execute   mac
truth:  hook   hook

test:  retrieves the endpoint from the service catalog service .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  given   a
truth:  select   null

test:  read in bytes from file and return as a byte string .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  s   unicode
truth:  read   read

test:  sends translations to speech and updates the given dict .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  translated   append

test:  get all config .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  returns   config
truth:  get   users

test:  provides the legacy qos policy associated with the given volume group .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  get   replacement
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the first element in the list whose item in the list .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  return   null
truth:  execute   something

test:  returns dlldy for given distribution .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  null   derivative

test:  returns a string of a given length .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  fixture to setup the cpu before running a test .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  a synonym for the bokeh bokeh separator .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the user is naive at least one .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  convert an integer to a string of exact digits .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   find

test:  get the value of the currently preferred variable .
truth: get the round . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  update the main patch of the given dataset .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  update   update
truth:  to   function

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  converts the access flags to a string .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  returns   utility
truth:  transform   transform

test:  perform a gluster job on the init interface .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  prints a pprint .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   dict

test:  start matrix x and start matrix with matrix x .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  computes   element
truth:  -   -

test:  collect all files in a file .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  entries   check
truth:  if   check

test:  send email using the provided smtp smtp .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  send   schedule
truth:  email   email

test:  converts a datetime to a datetime .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  deprecated   filter
truth:  is   null

test:  run the given suite in the given module .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   probability

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  module   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns response normalization for a local variable .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  associate   name
truth:  null   response

test:  accepts an authorized locations and returns a list of document locations .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the node boundary of nodes for nodes .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that a fit is properly 1 .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   loss
truth:  test   test

test:  print a list of subfolders .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  calculate the allowed formats for the last formats .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  use   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object is an instance of another field .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a new dict containing the keys of the dictionary .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  like   like

test:  cast a remote configuration object to a response .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  send   a

test:  signals to set the email queue for the queue .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  hex   configures
truth:  null   queue

test:  return the list of packages that contain state cli example: .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  returns   items
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the number of sync that we have .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  applies a function or a duration that will be directly on a clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  time   return
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if line looks like a white line .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  generate task certificates for students whose user is students as a string containing information about students of students information .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  submits   a

test:  returns the next weekday for the same date/time as the datetime object .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  null   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate a set of query string to query configuration .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check that the given user is allowed to the split_test of a database .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  temporarily send stdout to stdout .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  sends   manager
truth:  disable   null

test:  for each component of the users .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  function   users
truth:  list   list

test:  notify an instance about a new instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   details
truth:  send   a

test:  return if we are running arraylike arraylike / periodindex .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  value   encodes
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if running on the system .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute a command via placeholders .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  unset   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  clip domain name to the latest latest version .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a flattened instance of a class .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  obj   obj

test:  monitor a given monitor .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  check   listing
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the ipython session as defined by ipython .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  construct   new

test:  write a file .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  generates a new instance of the current configuration .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  xml   xml

test:  lists all xmls .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tell   null

test:  wait until a predicate has been reached .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   up

test:  generate additional properties for additional certificates for the given value of additional variables .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  configures   settings
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns a list of tasks in the current api .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   method

test:  deletes content elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns true if installed via python command name or false if installed .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check if the node is booting and contains it .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  handles   null
truth:  if   check

test:  setup the snmp component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   insteon

test:  check if the given node is an super super node .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  yaml: version this plugin allows you to capture code coverage .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  migrate an cr to be a package version .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  translate   version
truth:  if   null

test:  check if there is a proper message .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  performs   crud
truth:  sends   null

test:  validate a logger .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  require an installed version of the latest release .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  return the version of a ms cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   cassandra
truth:  return   return

test:  write the fake ring to disk .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  write   in
truth:  null   pretty

test:  produce postorder nodes in a depth-first-search pre-ordering by source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  backward a meg and convert a relation matches for greys .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  translated   matches

test:  returns an exponential linear unit between each row and zero .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  compute   linear
truth:  square   square

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  create a virtual machine on the given virtual machine .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  create   vm
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian view for a particular angle .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  generate   unicode
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns the two token .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  null   price
truth:  null   null

test:  get the modulestore setting for the modulestore setting .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume an iterator that was previously setup with a particular iterator .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  advance   close
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a json python dictionary .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  tests if we are preprocess preprocess as part of the same inplace .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  arrays   dictionary
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes namespace and all its variable tags from the variable .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  unpacks   a
truth:  blocking   non

test:  given a set of thing .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  given   thing
truth:  to   helper

test:  load tidy from a string .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  applies   data
truth:  null   a

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   regression
truth:  generate   generate

test:  determine whether a process with the given process is a my process .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  like   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a storage storage instance .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  loads the windows feature and loads the given node .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  loads   chocolatey
truth:  installs   null

test:  display the unpause dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  extract a bootstrap file from a package .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  render   null
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   arguments
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the monogo_return options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list substitute formatters on a user .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   lists
truth:  parse   parse

test:  download a file from tarball .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   filename
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a beets query string .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  make a template class for true/false attribute overloaded by *overload_func* .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if a template matches a file .
truth: test if . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   test

test:  add an user like object .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  given   add
truth:  add   a

test:  expands expands setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  label   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  class decorator for :func: .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the sign sign symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the default colormap .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets modified state of the objects on the local one .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  setting   sets
truth:  modified   sets

test:  create a kalite record for all informations resources .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  return   prints
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  registers a stanza stanza .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  register   create
truth:  associate   a

test:  returns a list of files for the local files .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  null   find
truth:  finds   violations

test:  returns the file in the given directory .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  find   find
truth:  looks   null

test:  converts a tuple of supplied tuples to a tuple .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a string with the python implementation result .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  cancel   path
truth:  return   return

test:  return a configured oslo_messaging notifier .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert list to tuple .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  list   a
truth:  divide   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  remove invalid options .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  emit   null

test:  connect to *address* and return the certificate probe .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  connect   ssl
truth:  null   null

test:  a factory that instantiates the toplevel wrapper .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  log   returns
truth:  enables   a

test:  get event manager from media list the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  deprecated   event
truth:  get   get

test:  return the line numbers of the stack .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  correct   correct

test:  delete an existing topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  the entry point for the credential helper .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  assert-like decorator decorates a test if resets fields are with the given server .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the homogeneity score for a probability plot .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   metric

test:  definition : intconstant : .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  append append to the end of a given payload .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  complete   null

test:  get paths without returning via paths .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  takes a string and a time in seconds .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all providers or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the actual prefix for a given path .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  used   return
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  transform   returns
truth:  order   order

test:  check a precision matrix exponential .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  update information about the deleted server .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  update   update
truth:  server   server

test:  find the first around within a given position .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   image

test:  returns the size of the matrix that is a generalized integer in the logistic of the inertia .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   integers

test:  500 an ajax response with a technical error .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  asserts that the given because we can delete to the given because .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  null   self

test:  get the default group type by name .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email to the initiator of a confirmation email .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   email
truth:  send   send

test:  adds additional argument to the whole argument .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a flat .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  called   returns
truth:  constructs   null

test:  call any environment variables in the environment .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  replace   test
truth:  read   proxy

test:  read all images into a given image .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  generate   image
truth:  reads   null

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   group
truth:  remove   group

test:  convert a list of files into a file: .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  loop to a template list in a specific loop .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  given   new
truth:  build   a

test:  load the tls entry from the group .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  load   a
truth:  name   name

test:  check if a value is ignored based on configuration .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  yield pieces of data from http response to response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   pieces
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the given activity type exists .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  raises   null

test:  performs the oauth2 authenticate method on the given host and appends the web indicators .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  get the base type for a given name .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns details of the environment variables .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   paths

test:  element-wise shape of tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  null   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all flags belonging to a given feature .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  select   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if *obj* is a bpf .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  check that roundtrip is installed and it is acceptable .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of child objects .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  to   a
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   glance
truth:  update   update

test:  takes a property argument and returns a property .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  null   null
truth:  arg   arg

test:  decorator to load a disk in a filesystem .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  caching   null

test:  list all themes .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  list   return
truth:  display   display

test:  get the first results of the process id .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  formats raw data as emulate emulate of counter tokens to amount of human-readable information from counter to amount .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  call   format
truth:  convert   a

test:  decorator that checks to see if the given credentials are valid .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  null   authorization

test:  repeat a theano variable y: a theano variable expr: a theano axis .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   parameters
truth:  renders   a

test:  this function is designed to see if a files we can restart a restart and should be created args: sandbox_name : the restart to restart the restart wrapper .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   url
truth:  parse   parse

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  append the text to the tensorflow scope of the given text .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  append   literal

test:  turn the package version .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   html
truth:  get   get

test:  this constructs a clsid by the it temporarily .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  given   a

test:  read the header and return as tuple .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   amf

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  expected   null

test:  translate a glob glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  formats a datetime to a string using given format .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  seconds   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  plist : integer | newline | newline | newline | expr times times | newline | expr | expr lt expr .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  null   sequence
truth:  null   null

test:  list fields given path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  reset warnings passed to the figure .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  cleans   prefix
truth:  resets   null

test:  retrieves the real host for the given host .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  returns   lookup
truth:  return   return

test:  generate the random filename name .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that the package supports package installed .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  install   a
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return an array of args .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify that a string is valid for now .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator that checks if a user is associated with a new user .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  coerce   line
truth:  coerce   null

test:  close file descriptor .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  check   a
truth:  file   file

test:  executes command .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  construct   commands
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  wraps   override
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a stream of bytes .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  write   null

test:  return whether a numpy string is a valid command for a series/index string .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  boolean   values
truth:  find   find

test:  generate srt 1 .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   transcripts

test:  returns the markup for the markup instance .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the settings for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  load persistent compiler compiler compiler .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   pyzmq

test:  loads a given object from a npz .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  wrap a base function inside a separate function .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drop   database
truth:  drops   database

test:  try to get the dropbox folder for the given host .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  to   uses
truth:  to   try

test:  simple page without template but with internationalization .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  rendered   page

test:  filter the list of inputs to make the map that can be included in the list of inputs .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  labels   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  extracts the first provider value from the given provider .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extracts   key
truth:  value   value

test:  test the summary of and sample files .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  load   test
truth:  visualize   null

test:  returns true if user is a contributor .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a mask that plays the useful for use in docs .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  calculate   like
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parses an event .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the number of facet facet info for a particular facet .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  get the html for the given section .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   html
truth:  return   a

test:  return the instance of the appropriate object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  returns   configs
truth:  return   method

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for dummy implementation of the copper .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait until a lock is available on the system .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a numpy array of the last n_levels of a given family .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a method to wait for a module to see if a python module is installed .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  run   a

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if new project can transfered new memberships .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  test static a static static static static static class .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  checks that a set of neighbor names are on a list of neighbor .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   sensor

test:  returns a list of null objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert filename to pathlist .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  converts   generate
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the cli configuration and the configured attribute .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  rest controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  used   null

test:  remove a key from the given key .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  files   remove
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the binary xor of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the hypergeometric product of two matrices .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get a numeric ports and return it .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  port   ports
truth:  get   ports

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  changes   set
truth:  set   set

test:  validates a password against the given username .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  function   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  converts any given object to a datetime object .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a url that a url .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  run commands .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  behave   build
truth:  run   unit

test:  performs a string to be used as supported on the system .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the received object info .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  traverse the entire tree of a tree .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  traverse   a

test:  iterates over markdown string .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  unescapes   unescapes

test:  walks -> bool .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  source   domain
truth:  enforce   a

test:  translates a list of datasets into a flat timestamp .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  parse the iscsi rule line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compute bounding-box targets for an image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  assert   lists
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test uninstalling a rollback .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  test   uninstall
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  gzip is a file combined combined by token-ids .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  cipher test for url .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that its possible to be used as json .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  print   testing
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return slice based on request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate calculate feedback uniform statistic for a given ndarray .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  adds mapping data to the database .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  log   server
truth:  support   support

test:  split a list of breaks at breaks .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  split   array
truth:  split   split

test:  decodes a unicode string using the given charset .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  like   like

test:  gets an signal from the given sender .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  wraps   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return a decorator that converts the content of a given model to a given model .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a dict with extensions of it shouldnt be a valid system .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  compressed   delete
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return markdown generator of markdown .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  render   render

test:  do any work necessary to prepare the job id directory this is the function responsible for vertical job .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  execute the nodes of the operation .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  stop all the specified target .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  instantiates the root directory in the given list of paths to be created .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  log a string into the listall .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  required   a
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  set the public device for the {attached: .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  set   try
truth:  enables   null

test:  returns a new dictionary with keys stripped by list: .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test plotting plot .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  fix the stride by a stride .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  fix   line
truth:  fix   fix

test:  the grouping structure should not be a list of tuples .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  output   output

test:  run a command inside the container .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  find if the passed in table is unique .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  find   find

test:  pad out the given data to a multiple of link-local bytes .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  pads   data
truth:  apply   standard

test:  a progress string to make the progress time suitable for a chunk of a epoch .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  get   current
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  enumerates and return the signature in a subdirectory .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a list of date/time into an iterable of the different functions .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  expand   cast
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a tensor filled with binomial values filled filled with samples .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   a

test:  galaxy galaxy .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  take   url
truth:  processes   a

test:  get the current standby timeout of the standby scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  how an audio clip .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate all rst from all rst directories .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the name of the file .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   test

test:  get quota usage dirty bit for a resource and tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  update   a
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create a lag port of name .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  open a file and return the given file .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  to   a
truth:  open   a

test:  the standard deviation of the standard normal deviation .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  list all installed own datasource .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  own   list

test:  location delete .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes the string remove from the right of a file .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  if   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return the information of the named package(s) info cli example: .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  take   pull
truth:  function   function

test:  add the given members .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  set   group
truth:  add   members

test:  assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on the server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add blank lines representing all lines that are common to a mapping of a mapping file .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  given   tags
truth:  add   add

test:  return true if *obj* is a square-free object .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  null   article
truth:  to   predicate

test:  leaves transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  return the spectrogram .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  makes   get
truth:  function   function

test:  wed wed are not sampling .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  replace   check
truth:  input   checker

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  load a vfs instance .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   a

test:  return the shortcut associated with the given name .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  print out the command and returns a list with a given executable .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  null   output
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  indent the given string .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indent   indent
truth:  indent   indent

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  add a tenant access access access to the flavor access list .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  get information on a users zpool .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  provide   grains

test:  release tidy .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  releases   load
truth:  release   release

test:  returns a dict with metadata keys of the current page .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  test   return
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the nest thermostat thermostats .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  del an attribute of the given instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  change source string settings .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  uses   source
truth:  source   source

test:  returns the information on the queue .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  processor a content-type .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  clears   request
truth:  add   a

test:  require a opkg linux package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return whether the prng is in use in use .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a new runw for a numpy .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  replace   manager
truth:  returns   a

test:  pretty print the filesize of a file .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  print   file
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the corresponding retrun is present .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  load an image from a file .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  compute   find
truth:  load   load

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  returns the script name for the given script .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   script

test:  get configuration value for a configuration file .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  value   value

test:  create a random string of alphanumeric characters .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generates   a

test:  check that the ports ports are referenced by the specified target .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  returns   report
truth:  null   a

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  saves a method to a class after each combination is converted to and visible it .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  save   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  null   frills
truth:  null   frills

test:  given a multi-dimensional multi-dimensional structure it returns a list of the given block_data} .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  stores   binary
truth:  iterate   a

test:  get the last line of a text .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a[b] = b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  penn treebank vocabulary and used in many language modeling papers .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  load   load

test:  determine whether the first line ends in a url .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the size of a field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  send an email .
truth: index handler . 
test:  null   null
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  perform an ancillary ancillary of a course .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  solve   solve

test:  decorator for views that serves the default size and timings timings .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  to   decorator

test:  set location variable option .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return a dictionary with all the keys in *x* .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   one

test:  create if a user exists return if the user exists .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  make sure starting a starting process fails .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  send signal to .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  cast an object to its json .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  null   method

test:  list principal policies policies by name cli example: salt myminion boto_cloudwatch .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  convert an ipv4 descriptor to a python list .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  turn a set of keyword arguments into one .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  given   a
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  create a block of file with the given vectors and precision .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  computes   data
truth:  writes   null

test:  make c pointer to the right test pointer .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  use   null
truth:  running   in

test:  check quickly whether file is a zip of a temp archive .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return information about the selinux version .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a gtk gtk for a gtk according to autowin .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  create   a
truth:  is   formatd

test:  routing reject section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  routing   http
truth:  routing   area

test:  helper function to serialize one instances using all instances using the prefetcher object formatting .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic cubic bezier .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   a

test:  decorator: renders a named operations for the given method .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the word .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  import a given repository .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  run   status
truth:  apply   apply

test:  export csv file .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  export   data

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a given kernel is enabled based on schedule .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  check   return
truth:  list   a

test:  install a single virtual machine id .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  reports that the current state would be created .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  list   series
truth:  null   information

test:  get the cluster id for the given name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  return   name
truth:  function   function

test:  gather all elements of the given i .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  remote   a
truth:  visit   visit

test:  create and enqueue a parameter name .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove invalid whitespace from text .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  remove   ids
truth:  clean   null

test:  get the separate inset inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that a value is true for any of the context .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   a

test:  determine if a readable shared prefix is readable by a generalized base base of the test .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the requested content back in the requested response .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  initialize the db object .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  pickle   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  return the gateway for an ssh gateway .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a new figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a string representing the redis database .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  detects image in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   map
truth:  labels   labels

test:  create a dictionary from a document_pb .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  analyzes the analysis arguments: tex_root -- the path to the tex root as a string if you use the path instead .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resource header for guided catalog .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  header   header
truth:  header   header

test:  combine data from numpy .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  get   float
truth:  left   null

test:  check that methods do not use end .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   no

test:  write a serialized serialized serialized .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  given   display
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  create new media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns python objects for the given json string .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  return   python
truth:  returns   python

test:  return a list of the modules that are on the system .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   a

test:  just ensure this module does not import explicitly present in parallel .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  test   multiple
truth:  if   null

test:  intercept calls to intercept and attach them to a intercept .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  validate that the supplied privileges for an object has been modified .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  exports string for @installed .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  export   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  clears the score_set signal on all nodes .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  change   null
truth:  quit   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create a cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  initialize the bias sigmoid for marginals and returns the new dataset .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   b

test:  process the process with the given pid of the process .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a new collection of a sequence of words .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  object   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  parses the date string to get the rfc1123 date .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track cup .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns a repo tag corresponding to a process and a new name .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  resolves   resolves

test:  check if the minimal minimal endpoint is complete .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this handle works as umbrella functions in the jobs process .
truth: process one link . 
test:  -   null
truth:  process   one

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  interface to git-rm(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev revision to the revision to the revision revision revision .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  takes   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  print helpful information .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   alias

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using a links .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that bootstrapping performs "c" values .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if the specified fhandle is valid .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  if   return
truth:  detect   parquet

test:  convert the integer list of integer to a method method .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  calculates the rms of a given image .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   compare
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  extract the alignment from the next alignment as a scenarioresult .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test if we are running in the repo .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  cleans the __context__ on the given length and write it to the logs .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  remove   apk

test:  what a terrible failure! .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  code   a
truth:  print   print

test:  runs a wsgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  computes   decorator
truth:  runs   a

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  test that initializing initializing has a html generated by an extension .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  check   show
truth:  null   message

test:  retrieve the token to use in the login api .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  receive a new pub/sub message .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  use   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the right ownership of the given user .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  log master password to export a binary to the master log in the master log .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   group

test:  merge two dictionaries by value .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merges   null

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  test that the download data is not set and can be initialized .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  use   test
truth:  test   test

test:  kill receiver from receiver with senderkey from receiver to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   kill
truth:  do   null

test:  authentication handler for auth .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  return   url
truth:  returns   a

test:  update eeg __doc__ .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  update   null
truth:  deal   null

test:  resets the status of the current module .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  returns the path of the current wsgi environment .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  whether a directory in subjects_dir is mri .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the hash value given a function name .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  gets   lists
truth:  gets   a

test:  execute a freebsd command .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  record   null
truth:  set   set

test:  update import job if explicitly returned as input .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  imports   lists
truth:  import   import

test:  return a decorator that ensures that the user is logged in .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  given   null

test:  text .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  replaces   replace
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a string to a port number .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  samples   a
truth:  function   function

test:  this function is protected when a site is enabled .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  algorithm   find
truth:  to   method

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start a remote server and run a new modbus server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  null   start
truth:  null   method

test:  benchmark several runs of the dataset .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  use   a
truth:  run   run

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument type passed into a unicode object .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  add   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  put the list of published posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   a
truth:  put   a

test:  check that a path is discrete variables stored in casava .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  set the localectl parameters for the current tenant cli example: .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  use   use

test:  return the cast type corresponding to a cast type .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  casts   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  check that the given flow flow is access to the widget .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  "legacy" a file from the path .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  source   attempts
truth:  given   null

test:  test io with i/o .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  to   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  decorator to add a simple decorator to dictionary and automatically constant-time constant-time .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  converts an xml error into a plain error .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  test socket .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   links
truth:  socket   socket

test:  returns a hash of common elements of a given set of selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  interpret an entry from a resources .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  correct   correct

test:  handle a list of all registered command .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  encode a missing unicode or a missing object .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  encode   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a 1-d numpy .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  null   class
truth:  compute   compute

test:  polynomial division with remainder in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  tell   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively move a file or a directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks barcodes of barcodes for valid dna fields .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   barcodes
truth:  checks   checks

test:  iterates over nested elements of a sequence .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing directory .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  email to confirmation confirmation page .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a unit string to a human readable unit .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  time   time

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  decoded   set

test:  check that a package is present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates a numerically zone .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  simplified   configuration
truth:  null   configuration

test:  create and return pidfile if the pid is present .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  read a string and return the base64 encoded data .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  read   a
truth:  object   object

test:  return true if the given code is valid .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  unsigned kernel .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  null   pick
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  looks to see if mdata-put is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade bill as new servers .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  returns   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  only work on gentoo systems with pkg installed .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   service

test:  create a compositelayer wrapping two flattener layers and test if it is detected .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  test   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  try to get the urls for a given url .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  null   null

test:  private function to slaveof master to the master to send master to the master .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  set   set

test:  add a new campaign .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  set the layers .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  set   discrete
truth:  parse   svg

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for a application to finish .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  colorize style .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  return the file path in path .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  make matched text groups .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  submit delete row for delete and delete it .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  returns a dict of files read from a set of files .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  conditional formatting rule .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  prevent   stop
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return whether the source can connect to the source .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  return   return

test:  call the correct dialect-specific dialect-specific .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  returns true if the promo preliminary is the current time .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   return

test:  prints out what items of a particular module .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  null   utility

test:  just do the signal .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  print   exit
truth:  null   null

test:  delete group specs for group .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  list all virtual machines verbose : string optional keys cli example: .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  list   shows
truth:  return   a

test:  list installed perl modules for this minion cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  installed   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  wait for a task .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   task
truth:  wait   null

test:  make a sequential entry by a constant or a default by replacing it works as its first .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  make   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  save all adaptive .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  like strftime .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong type .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute command and returns its output .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  reboot   lists
truth:  call   call

test:  return the exception data for the given type .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  to   a
truth:  exception   exception

test:  format a list of changes that have been executed .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  construct   format
truth:  format   format

test:  parse an alert events .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   lines

test:  it should extract the background tags from a background tag .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a new jobs score matrix .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  checks   parameters

test:  test that we can construct an old slugify special models from a full-text table .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  check   null
truth:  test   test

test:  look up the document and decode it .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  moves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  if   key
truth:  if   key

test:  rgb to rgb color space conversion .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   image

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  if not already in facts args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the generated facts if not previously set .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  iterates   proxy
truth:  set   set

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  declare   null

test:  returns true if a process with pid is running under pid .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  if   check
truth:  use   os

test:  do entities of the given request .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  select   queue
truth:  displaying   null

test:  test to make sure that the intervals table columns doesnt generates a matching table columns .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a mysql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  redirect to event/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  to   redirect

test:  does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  looks   back
truth:  function   function

test:  return the number formatted for a given number .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   function
truth:  turn   number

test:  return the final job for a given job id .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  memoize a method implementing a method on a class .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   standard

test:  update a user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load otu taxa file from file .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  extracts   add
truth:  opens   null

test:  execute a file or a file or url .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  open   context
truth:  name   name

test:  get a new description of a file .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  get   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the source .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  helper function to find an attribute where each value is the given type .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  find   find

test:  try to find out the version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  do a private key .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a not_missing using the specified proxy_config_data .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  extract   proxy
truth:  extracts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test validation for a bug where the first argument is started .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a json "changes" value to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this will store a language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  processes cache statements and updates them after the dashboard date .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  invalidate   update
truth:  related   update

test:  return a constructed from an http response .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  makes   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  update all information and return the new thread .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  mask   update
truth:  update   update

test:  direct_declarator : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   bad&rule

test:  takes a string and returns the number of entries .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract volume info from a string .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  null   helper

test:  test that the excluded template ids is associated with a scalar .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  list command line out of any errors in add .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  command   wrapper
truth:  run   a

test:  get the list of azs for the given region .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  pass in a source file and return a list of arguments .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  to   options
truth:  given   null

test:  compute part of f in k[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  get packages to use for pip packages in pip .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current page in the given children .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  get the name of a learner .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator is a first argument to contain a new-style exception .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  we need to preserve the output of an initial value of scores .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  filter   data

test:  test the import command .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  run   version
truth:  test   test

test:  displays a formatted header .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  print   a
truth:  format   format

test:  signal to undo .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  convert a string into a regular expression and 1 .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   null

test:  executes commands in a subshell .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  specified   null

test:  find the specified stream in the fits file .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  look   null

test:  wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necesary .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns the inverse of the normal distribution .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a safe list of the current python parser .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  takes   format
truth:  format   format

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne report .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  entry point for bin/* scripts xxx .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the current node .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the group by name .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  release   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return contiguous regions for the expression .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create and return the size of size .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  append   create
truth:  create   osc

test:  find the list of paths to import in the remote .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  compute degree of f .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ultimate oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  null   price

test:  returns a generator of all the paths currently active during the property .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  compare the versions of the versions .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  compares   null

test:  construct dummy dummy variable for dummy variables parameters limits : batches batches for dummy variable randomly .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  use   validate
truth:  start   start

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  from timeseries and 7; returned by a average value .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  is   null

test:  turns a sequence of bytes into a tuple of bytes .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  like   convert
truth:  parse   k1

test:  return a formatted number formatted for the current thread .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  format   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove tags from an iam resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   tags

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute the normalized normalized normalized normalized mean of the passed data .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  computes   distance
truth:  normalized   compute

test:  this continuous function takes a list of strings that are available .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  converts   fits
truth:  convert   a

test:  read a data from a file and return a multi-index object .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   converts
truth:  read   data

test:  validate validate validate bti module .
truth: always load . 
test:  if   dependency
truth:  load   load

test:  adds unique id to unique id .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create instance access for provided flavor .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a random global request label .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  view   view

test:  set current audio output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  set   current
truth:  selects   null

test:  test that a requirements method is restore a requirements hash .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a string to a binary string if it is not already one .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  given   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  project version view shows a list of project files .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  build   import
truth:  have   a

test:  formats a time according to the given time .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return true if data is encrypted .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   test

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  main sdk sdk .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  code   example
truth:  return   return

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  comb   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  get the purchase for a purchase .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   average

test:  returns filesystemloader initialized to res/templates w/ the given package .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  provides   signal
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset the database .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  null   everything

test:  generate a snapshot to a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the first cosine of theano in theano and a new graph .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  list   return
truth:  sympy   sympy

test:  convert text to unicode .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates the standard error of the mean of the values in the sample .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  calculates   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  create a certificate from a list of certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  data -> gzip encoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  process   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  return the default value for the current thread .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  if   null

test:  detect decorator type for several classes .
truth: function type . 
test:  to   options
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get metadef namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  null   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create included test with the given prefix .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  override   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  finds the application that the given login directory .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   null

test:  return the build python executable .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends mail on a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  mail   mail
truth:  mail   mail

test:  unload some subsets of a multibody .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  remove   values
truth:  null   null

test:  entry point for bin/* scripts xxx .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  parse   actions
truth:  run   run

test:  translates a list of language layout into a given region .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  selected   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  return a mongodb connection to the local thread .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  show the details from qingcloud concerning an instance .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   details

test:  returns a different handler that .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a console debug debug debug .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  suggest   configure
truth:  function   function

test:  get a computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return true if uri can be embedded into an url .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the current parent object .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  get   a
truth:  context   context

test:  return true if the model is an instance of the given instance .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that the named package is present in the path to the mercurial repository package : boolean toggle the files in which to install .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  sync   package
truth:  if   return

test:  gets descriptions from a given document .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  hard power down the vm with vm context: .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  lists   vm
truth:  null   a

test:  write html file .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   html
truth:  write   pie

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  write the given m3 file .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  append   append

test:  calculate the average from a series of the specified series .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  return hosts or none if operation is not installed .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   hosts

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the spherical widdershins angle of degrees .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a languages dictionary with the language code .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  function   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  reads a file and load it from a given filename .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  return   contents

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return true if *obj* is a valid object .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   lookup
truth:  file   file

test:  get pillar output by loops .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  view a wiki code for a given document .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  null   task
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns whether the backup of the request was supported in the request .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  performs   version
truth:  null   method

test:  connect to aws kms :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  test instsource source file .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   control
truth:  test   test

test:  find all submodules in a given module .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  expose   null

test:  ensure titles from the dashboard is a list of titles .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  sets   verifies
truth:  rows   rows

test:  read text from a file .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  read   content
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the dictionary to html .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  check   dict
truth:  renders   html

test:  decorator to decide whether the function has a postscript name in the argument .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  return   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  return   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  read an ip address in a random way .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a read()able object for binary .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  coupling of bottom .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   function
truth:  coupling   null

test:  test if a given function is valid .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this page has been set or not needed to unflag an existing user .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  null   null

test:  yaml: copyartifact-build-selector adds support for the build plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:blame matrix plugin plugin <robot+framework+plugin> .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a buffer .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  calculate   image
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  set the display value of single-key variables .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  use   alternate
truth:  set   set

test:  check the slot for a container .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  same as x .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return occurrences of occurrences of each string in pat .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  re   occurrences
truth:  find   find

test:  check prng prng cli example: .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  local noise noise of an image .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  filter   greyscale
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with puid .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  -   -
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the stubs .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  config   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  draw a program parameters .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  redraw   null
truth:  draw   a

test:  test pip install and show divider .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  test   test
truth:  expect   a

test:  given the name .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  attempt to authenticate to the auth action .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  null   request
truth:  given   a

test:  make the given status of the celery service .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  null   function
truth:  view   view

test:  get geometry output by manipulation .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   geometry

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  apply query to a query .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  split   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  download an archive for a given extension/version .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  get the mean for a set of days .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  poll   null
truth:  expected   improvement

test:  write a list of digitizer tags to a fif file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   fiducials

test:  send a message to an album .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  calculate   pull
truth:  send   send

test:  test reading application info files .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  dumps   reading
truth:  printing   printing

test:  extract the list of filenames from the given list of namespace .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  define   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  find the relaxed distance .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   distance

test:  copy config .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  log   build
truth:  null   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  insert the given tables .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  list   tables

test:  prepare string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  returns the progress data for this minion .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  get   get

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  null   tool

test:  publish data to a message .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  create   null
truth:  build   build

test:  builds the root spec object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  remove the file system on the ports .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  remove   prints
truth:  removes   null

test:  list policies via rabbitmqctl .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   server
truth:  return   a

test:  confirm this module is on a nilrt based system .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  stubs out the image .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  add   a
truth:  fakes   null

test:  returns an upgrade of a sound polynomial .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  return   map
truth:  null   factorization

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  extended   measurement

test:  finds optimal optimal .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  find   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  test that validation is set .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   config
truth:  test   test

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  wrap a function or a unicode .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  marks   return
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list of directories in a directory .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   create

test:  start the cci instance and return the backend instance .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  null   start
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse a ticket containing a ticket of text references .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  to   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  return union of strlist .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  list   list
truth:  union   union

test:  returns the drafts arg for a user .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   video

test:  load only on minions that have the win_iis module .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a new database labels and/or ipmi to metrics .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  creates   link
truth:  creates   a

test:  filter the given data and filter values by a dom result of a dom result of a dom module .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  filters   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  recursively walk all python files in a given path tree .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  walk   include
truth:  yield   null

test:  compute autocovariance function acf_y(h) for var(p) process parameters coefs : ndarray the index of white .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the python version as a tuple of ints .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the knx binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  performs pastel score .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  null   like
truth:  convert   colour

test:  helper function to explicitly traverse a dict and converts it to a list of dictionaries .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   a

test:  user edit page .
truth: user edit . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write all registered xmoduledescriptor css .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  creates a new virtual machine and returns an hdulist object .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  append or sets options to the config options .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  to   add
truth:  is   null

test:  reload the currently set command .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  null   block
truth:  restart   csf

test:  updates global state information about their api .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  do   update
truth:  function   function

test:  generates the date and least squares date .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  regex -> time .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   expression

test:  extract translatable messages from the given raw node .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  helper function to bind a random port and return its port .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  logs the user out .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  log   logs
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read a python file and return a byte string .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   length

test:  returns a list of the paths parent of the paths in the given list of possible .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  clear   order
truth:  returns   a

test:  clone a vdi and clone it with the new one .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  clones   a

test:  generate some n sequence from a sequence .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  generate a short .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  flatten nested level of sequence .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  build the value for the state passed in .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  composes   null

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  saving   test

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  connect to a given service .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  connect   a
truth:  connect   a

test:  checks if the list is a list of trackinfo objects .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  rest controller for budget_staff .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  execute the open command .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check if printing should or not .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for simplex .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  replaces   string
truth:  filter   comments

test:  set a color link to a palette .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  return   answers
truth:  list   list

test:  n319 - use mutable instead of mutable .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters note: this function accepts all standard usermedia .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   media
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  add calls to the queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  fills   null

test:  wrapper for the dot file .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  null   find
truth:  render   a

test:  constructs a datastore connection .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace newlines with newlines .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  null   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  verify that a new one of the hash method call is a debug function inside a new one of the hash of the hash of the hash of the hash
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  apply   check
truth:  check   check

test:  run pre-hook against the systemd command .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  list   list

test:  escape special html characters in text so that it can be used as quoted .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  text   escape
truth:  escape   markup

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  returns an absolute path with the given params and appends the widget .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve host groups according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   media
truth:  retrieve   user

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   a
truth:  output   output

test:  shuffle a list of lists .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  shuffle   null

test:  get the settings for the provided settings .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  install a package with avro-json .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  is   clone
truth:  if   null

test:  generate the login form .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  view   groups
truth:  take   action

test:  take a chunk of items and a string .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  parses   text
truth:  return   a

test:  forgot username page .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  send   username
truth:  look   up

test:  parse a string referring to a boolean value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  query   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  get   find
truth:  return   return

test:  get the endpoint of a given reviewer reviewer .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  redirect   function
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  deprecated method for creating an empty error message .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   class

test:  randomly do a random sampling of the same value .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   a
truth:  m   m

test:  check if user is admin in the list .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  null   return
truth:  is   null

test:  get the number of pressure in the current time .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  ajax view for the current user .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  null   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  return gateway account or none if it doesnt exist .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  get   instances
truth:  return   gateway

test:  returns the maximum line of the last line that has no effect .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  look   null

test:  rectified relu unit .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns source and dateordatetime translation .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  returns   source
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use within statsmodels .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  convert a datetime to a csl object .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  converts   datetime
truth:  given   a

test:  helper for validation .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of continuation .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  construct   list
truth:  display   parser

test:  check for windows .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  ensures   compare
truth:  check   check

test:  build an email address .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  take   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  another deprecated method .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  deprecated   method

test:  test the setting of an observed polynomial for use in said .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  quantize   a

test:  perform an a6 record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  this function returns a logsbuffer instance for the policy .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  -   function
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  use this function tests that the given key is set to provided by the test .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  change   section
truth:  null   section

test:  check that left and right sparseseries are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  check   check

test:  export a gcode file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  get   a
truth:  write   null

test:  test with hidden text elements .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  warn() should not expose use a specific message .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  decorator to validate class .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  returns the list of all the currently active children .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  clean   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if the given {'username' is a valid active config .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   standard

test:  gets the data based on the choice of the current user and a running request .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  get   build
truth:  takes   a

test:  check whether ref is a valid ref .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  operate operate token .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  function   function

test:  compute a polygon .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  calculate   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  settings() should only take a :math:varphi(x) context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  works like assembly but instead of wrapping .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  sends   arguments
truth:  returns   returns

test:  directories to project/create .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  add   counters

test:  removes content references from the job .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  remove   match
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of the names of an organization .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  return   return

test:  executes an api method call and returns the response object or a requests .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  dimension   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  with qtwebkit .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  null   qtwebkit
truth:  null   null

test:  return the path to the platform dir .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in __version__ .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  print the stack trace for a file .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  dump   a

test:  given the path to a module that will be returned in the context .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  look   null

test:  remove a single container .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  null   signals
truth:  null   parameter_declaration

test:  insert a scheduled template into the observed potential buf .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  rank   rank

test:  check an http error against a response .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  if   null
truth:  error   error

test:  create a random string of a random string .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  add a user .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  null   group
truth:  add   add

test:  convert string containing a zero indexed format and column cell references to a a1 notation .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read the cache spec .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   decorator
truth:  read   a

test:  returns true if date is allowed for employee .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the http layer as an integer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  clears the zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns the url for a given platform .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  url   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  find the chunkize into chunks of serial tuples .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  are   return
truth:  return   elements

test:  determine if the given password is a password revision .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   device
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a json representation of the dependency from json .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   data

test:  decorator to revert task_state on sys .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  execute   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  redirects management view .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  renders   handler
truth:  renders   null

test:  adds a group group to the database .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   acl

test:  decrypt the given data with the cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  sets the gui mode for the current thread .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  change   a
truth:  tell   null

test:  return a list of tests useful to use .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   python

test:  format an instance of a team status information .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   instance

test:  collect a lexer list of filenames from a string .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  combine the two images into a single vector .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  combine   return
truth:  blend   blend

test:  returns a string using the argument text .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of the auto fields of several calls .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  get   stubs
truth:  returns   a

test:  rolls back a dirty flag and resets the dirty flag .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  set   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  execute a python module as returned by the mean .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  validate   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  mark a module-level attribute as deprecated .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  define   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  retrieve a credentials certificate from credentials .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  return the union of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the date from today .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   datetime

test:  allow symbol in the pairwise symbol to be well .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  patch   replace
truth:  patch   patch

test:  extract a token that is stored in the format for the given token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  setup the sony source sensors .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   resource

test:  verify that the defaults value is in the minimum state .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the group id for this minion cli example: .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  ensure   process
truth:  set   set

test:  return a string which is the concatenation of the strings in the sequence .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strips   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  change signup in facility .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  null   show
truth:  null   null

test:  return the number of users that a database is erase by project .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   a

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return suggestions suggestions based on a list of suggestions and session ones .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  return   source
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for api methods that should only be called after a sessions number of space .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  stop   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save the minions id to a given job id .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  save   a
truth:  null   null

test:  modify any dictionaries and values in the dictionary .
truth: from url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  get the amount of samples from a packet .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert avro-json containing yarn and raw objects from environment variables .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   convert
truth:  parse   a

test:  add the environment and pull in the current environment .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  select   a
truth:  add   path

test:  list tags of a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   tags
truth:  list   tags

test:  mark a module-level attribute as deprecated .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  measures squares functions of squares squares samples .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  check   correctness

test:  free swap function .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  swap   content
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns people user is following sans people blocking user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   people
truth:  returns   people

test:  return the typical replacement of the matrix that lengths .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  null   count
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides smartos only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   mdata
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  return   return
truth:  s   s

test:  get a fixed timezone for a fixed offset .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if w is a short word .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   word

test:  test inverse operator .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   source
truth:  test   mne

test:  this is a doctest .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  log   redirects
truth:  called   null

test:  compute l1 norm for l2 norm .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   norm

test:  retrieve method object name from a method .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  null   return
truth:  turns   a

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  marks   volume

test:  return true if path is encrypted .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  all of the execution function should have a gl gl .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  null   class

test:  tarball flowgrams file .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   build

test:  get an http referent url for a given category .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  look   up

test:  adds pooling pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  enable the system to the system and exit .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  start   return
truth:  run   cmd

test:  reads a random hdf5 file and returns a list of values suitable for a single token .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  set all plugin pairs as stored in run_type .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  change   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  unpack the type-specific .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  check   check

test:  pack an object or structure of the provided representation .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  calculate   unicode
truth:  pack   pack

test:  fix method .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  name   a
truth:  fix   method

test:  return the string containing the users group of the disk .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  extracts   information
truth:  given   a

test:  unwrap a function by dir() its text .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  unwraps   a

test:  generate a text message from the given response .
truth: convert response . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   response

test:  check candidates handling .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  null   test
truth:  perform   null

test:  create a right-stochastic for nodes in g .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  create   directed
truth:  create   node

test:  test if a release is already a release .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test mininet none .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  tries to get the initialiser compliant .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  validates overlap for dbinstance .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  raises   validates
truth:  overlap   overlap

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the network is connected or if the network is within .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  null   set
truth:  if   null

test:  generative network to parameterize generative model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  compute   network
truth:  null   network

test:  merge the matrices .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  set   set

test:  play media manager .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  get   media
truth:  return   return

test:  install setuptools and setup the virtual environment for a given directory .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  helper to load a git wrapper from a git location .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  null   state
truth:  get   get

test:  main program entry point .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  document   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the collection of the collection does not have to this collection .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  replace a new instance of the given module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  given   data
truth:  null   version

test:  helper function for ship which will be used in a container .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  initialize   decorator
truth:  call   call

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   simple_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   simple_unlimited_args

test:  dump an xml element to a file .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  create note note that the note type is in the db .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   attachments

test:  wrapper around precision .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  take   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine distance between two vectors .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  alter the bottom of the loop .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  starts   groups
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  set the current configuration variables for the given item cli example: .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   location
truth:  set   a

test:  straight classified for text .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  add   syntax

test:  define prediction score .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  null   loss
truth:  null   null

test:  set data to be used as none .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  set   fixes
truth:  set   vispy

test:  convert a amount of bytes to a string .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  direct_declarator : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  null   update
truth:  null   storage_class_specifier

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return launchd information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   launchd

test:  get the first result of expression .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  null   one
truth:  ban   add

test:  validate and return cpu policy constraints used for iam cpu fields .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  get   setup
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the name of the timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the y intersection inside the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for virt only .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  create   virt
truth:  null   preference

test:  gets a user by name .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  return   user

test:  for each phred in the fastq encoding .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  simplify   train
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove invalid characters from string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert a constant like symbol .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  convert   normalizes
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read in the buffer for this page .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  null   tuple
truth:  view   view

test:  checks if a given kernel module is a valid vorbis .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  is   null

test:  save the certificate on the certificate .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   join
truth:  save   null

test:  return a query for a type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  list   function
truth:  get   a

test:  identify user using the selected user .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  raises   sending
truth:  to   try

test:  json serializer that reads the given object .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  attribute   json
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  updates the collection summary of an user and update it .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  set   stats
truth:  null   null

test:  compute relu function .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  convert   linear
truth:  null   null

test:  deep copy the deannotate .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   clone
truth:  copy   copy

test:  checks if cron thread is changed .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  documents   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if this line looks like a code line .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  if   event
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initiate a traffic server configuration file reread .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   process
truth:  bounce   traffic

test:  generic setattr() .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  find   group
truth:  null   generic

test:  returns the n x vector as a list of values .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  read a packet .
truth: object factory . 
test:  to   calls
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the targets from the ansible ansible data .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  removes a user .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns an games game .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  compute   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the svg text by svgreader .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to import a markdown format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns a list of available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given value as a series of arguments .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  if   null
truth:  cycle   cycle

test:  return a list of folders configured by the installed users .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   users

test:  add faces element to the face .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  converts obj to unicode .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  create a suite for all modules in the given package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  test   test

test:  check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  prompt   return
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the given certificate store the given store .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create a default logger for both the ways and does not exist .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  create   key
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a string that can be used to converted to a file .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  insert the entire file into a list of full filenames .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  computes the distance distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  escape the given html so that it can be used in po strings in po files .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  combination of the app and redirects to its final app .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  command   list
truth:  prints   app

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resize   resize
truth:  resizes   null

test:  returns the strides of a variable .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  wait for the existence of a stream .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   parameters
truth:  wait   null

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple of the os version .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  escape the given objects .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  calculate the mask to use for docstrings of the input image .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  null   search
truth:  null   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the ip address are valid .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deep copy a deannotate element .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  confirm   return
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  warning   prints
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  accepts a list of lists and returns a new one containing the elements of the data .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  convert   keys

test:  get the bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts arma correlation string to polar response .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  get   url
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if path refers to a package .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  cross   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets all installed models in all models for all models .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  setup the zigbee thermostats .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  mock   mock

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  get the file names from the directory .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of dicts .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  given   a

test:  write discovery discovery discovery class to a file .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  fetch   add
truth:  write   discovery

test:  get the object by name .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  netmiko task by cls and type .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  documents   run
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches a musicbrainz album by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check that nova is available .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   discover
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a user to a new domains .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  copy   details
truth:  ask   user

test:  returns the last path of a list of data .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  start all the loggers loggers in the background thread .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  work   a
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a list of users for the unique number .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   n

test:  create a new volume .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare sequences of sequences and fasta checks output_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath output_fp: output_fp: filepath to match sequences to match aa filepath mapping_fp: sample filepath mapping_fp: mapping_fp: filepath input_fasta_fp:
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  function   function
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  main entry point for a project .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  write   controller
truth:  read   yaml

test:  returns a template string for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove table columns from models .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  index   index

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  change unicode of assumptions .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  reset the current users to the scenario .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  null   null

test:  fixture providing an object .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  load   null
truth:  null   null

test:  bincount max labels .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  converts   range
truth:  null   aggregation

test:  used to mark tests as an activation function when required .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  check that the given system is a valid python module .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  is   validate
truth:  to   check

test:  handles a single request .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  show   null
truth:  handles   a

test:  return a url for use in the processer file .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  make   indexing
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  make a embl object out of objects .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  iterate   function
truth:  breaks   up

test:  clear the rules used for policy checks .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  parsing   rules
truth:  set   set

test:  converts a string to a native string .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  convert   object
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wrapper around api .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  access   access

test:  generate a random uid value .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  wrapper for parallelization .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  null   duplicate
truth:  return   return

test:  test traceback offset in %run .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   traceback

test:  remove function by name .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  invert the user after each rule .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  null   null
truth:  change   change

test:  only load this module if the os is installed .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  load   work
truth:  null   null

test:  set and retrieve a request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  evaluates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects all the translations for each source of the given source .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  collect   versions
truth:  return   a

test:  delete dashboard and falling from dashboard .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run a login details .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  check   null
truth:  set   set

test:  syntax check errors .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  if   null
truth:  decoding   fix

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  checkout the checkout branch dialogs .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   launch
truth:  launch   launch

test:  send a job to a specific returner .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   send

test:  delete a wrapper around the given prospective .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates an absolute path .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  join   join

test:  get alarm alarm name cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   alarm

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  checks that the given desired is a valid until the lexing is not installed .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  check   check

test:  removes all redis databases for the redis server .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  flush   move
truth:  test   test

test:  escape string values with given + 1 .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  align   null
truth:  align   a

test:  the bitmask function of the subtracting making it returns a new disk .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  tests that we can do not try to do a form: submission with a form: access floats .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  if   null

test:  parse the source string to produce its unified e .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this function generates a list of the elements that can be control .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  helper function to create a group of group permissions .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  get   create
truth:  create   a

test:  a decorator that raises a bound method in a bound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  list policies for the authenticated user .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   reverse
truth:  list   list

test:  get the list of all plugins objects of the given package .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  return   import
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  rewrite allocations that match a bunch of server operations .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  deletes   put
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  check that the current session is the session .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  get   get

test:  yaml: runscope execute runscope command .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run a command and write it to the gui .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test scaled of scaled .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  calculate   test
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the exchange response for parsed http request .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the list of files for the application .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  listen   returns
truth:  stats   stats

test:  lookup up its codec by name .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   lookup
truth:  lookup   up

test:  temporarily disable an previous request .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  determine if glance is applied .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract the first object from the given option .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   mirror

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flush all the enclosing modules in the transaction .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  preprocess a search according to the executable .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  preprocess   null
truth:  look   null

test:  decorator that allows you to define custom serial function .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  direct   check
truth:  forces   null

test:  estimation the interpolate vector by universal a topic to interpolate them as a list of vector .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  make   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove double and trailing whitespace inside a single space .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  strips   characters

test:  send a signal down the device and wait for the server .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  called   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  encode a string x to a datetime .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the item size for the given type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate lines of text for a line .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  generate   strip
truth:  null   generator

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   a

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  marks a deprecation warning as deprecated .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  you need to jmx a copy of the trace trace .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  run html tidy with given options .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  download   html
truth:  run   html

test:  load the star module and run it on the client .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  if   null

test:  division of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize the command line argument .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  update permissions via google update .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  mock   lists
truth:  export   export

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  run command using subprocess .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  demo   command
truth:  command   command

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  humanized   a
truth:  print   a

test:  count the number of non-zero elements for each feature .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  cache   counts
truth:  count   count

test:  retrieve all of the configured users .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   media
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  yield   returner

test:  reads the page from a file-like object and converts it to a page .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  extract and extract an inventory from json body .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   calculate
truth:  extract   null

test:  assumes we dont use gpu instead of gsetting .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  use   a
truth:  error   error

test:  center loss .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  label   return
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that we can freeze pip freeze the same pip .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  github   test
truth:  test   pip

test:  fork a process .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  run   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a minute cuts from a string of cube .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get the dns dns hosts .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   context
truth:  get   networks

test:  update the local bundle bundle file .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  simple shared shared shared variable .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  display   function
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of cliques cliques from the given list of cliques .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check an error if a desired magic number is valid .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  function   function
truth:  checks   checks

test:  look up the server id for the given server id .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  returns the sample file of a file .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   command
truth:  input   input

test:  return the current pre-amplification policy .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two search file formats .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  decorator to make a synchronous message into a mock object .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  select   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  widen the preface gcode text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  temperature   a
truth:  coil   a

test:  given a string and a full string .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  string   string

test:  inject resources into the tsv web page .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  refresh   a
truth:  null   inject

test:  same as grading_context .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  create   a

test:  makes a list of hosts via resource .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   uses
truth:  get   a

test:  force eggs after all eggs .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  easy_installed   force

test:  return the members of the group that has a particular group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  get   a

test:  makes a new version/file .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  produce status .
truth: produce status . 
test:  produce   status
truth:  produce   status

test:  test saving a source subject .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   subjectselector

test:  filter an absolute uri .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   scheme

test:  apply the linear evaluate to an image .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  look   source
truth:  changes   changes

test:  simple test of encoded test .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  set le as a le script .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  null   alembic
truth:  tell   null

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   names
truth:  domain   names

test:  quantize masking graph .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  null   worker
truth:  quantize   a

test:  pass me a .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  get a service from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sends a http request to a common server .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  gets the configuration for the application .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  header   factory
truth:  receives   null

test:  regression test for url .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add pillar by complex .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   network
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  list all service that a resource .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that the given locale exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  in the environment path; of a process .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  a handy context manager that recreates the current working url as the context .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   a

test:  the distutils .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  use   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  ensure that the session is specified .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  to   actions

test:  check whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a datetime object into a timestamp .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   null

test:  verify that sub-attributes .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  check   check

test:  helper function to get the names of a function .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  poll the container when stopped .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  strips   strips

test:  generates all created events and generate directories to created from the given directory .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  set a document to a matrix-vector document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  watching   home
truth:  restore   a

test:  rotate image 90 degrees degrees .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   image
truth:  rotate   image

test:  dumps a string as yaml .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  dumps   dumps
truth:  dump   a

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  comb   a
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to fit variables while lparen poorly function .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  fits   a

test:  returns a new empty formats for this windows formats .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function is called by the jailsconfiguration auth .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   sequence

test:  takes image and shows it as json .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  detect   user
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  reads the input images from the criteria .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decode   pick
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get an absolute series of arguments .
truth: search series . 
test:  search   a
truth:  search   series

test:  generate the string for starting points .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  starting   starting

test:  removes the virtual server table cli example: .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  set   null
truth:  flush   dscl

test:  given a file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   lookup
truth:  given   a

test:  application indication section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  renders the template for a theme based on the current user .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  default   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that maps a get form to an admin form .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  return   a

test:  step implements __repr__ nicely .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  step   step
truth:  make   null

test:  redirects the given handler for a remote instance .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get all instance types that are filters up by filters .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  null   build
truth:  decode   a

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  training   training
truth:  training   training

test:  return true if the request is an html dialog .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  takes the xml to returns the led content of the xml characters as a string .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  sanitize   a

test:  bit bit of a number between 0 and numbers .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  returns   num
truth:  count   count

test:  set a system delay : false after a system will restart the server manager to manage .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  set   set

test:  use the xml tree to parse xml metadata .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  scan   batch
truth:  return   return

test:  link to an breadcrumbs page .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return size formatted size in current folder .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns test path of test test test .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  retrieve   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform ninja in silhouette of ninja .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  targets   targets

test:  remove all blocks that correspond to an existing symbol .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  loop   find
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  settings should be senteces .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  inserts   prints
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  return an iterator over the python source file .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string representing the entire bytes of a number .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  sets   core
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns signed statistics for a given string .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  generate   dict

test:  require an apache site is enabled .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  retrieve a list of table objects .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  pulls   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  rename   a

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create a stc chart using a stc .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  removes a directories and all its contents of a directory .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  delete   files
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  send   email
truth:  email   email

test:  checks to see if the given feature is enabled .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  check   check

test:  parse in the mailentry from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   converts
truth:  parse   in

test:  setup the zigbee thermostats .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  wrapper for add/del .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  execute a grep file or directory and read it in the domains ps cli example: .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  grep   grep

test:  returns given value with given regex .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  skips out what datasets are available in the system .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  generate links from files in the given path .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  extract true if address belongs to prefix/plen .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  boolean   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  asynchronously allocates ids that are associated with a new plugin .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  model   implementation
truth:  allocates   a

test:  process given files and f1 .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  replace   files
truth:  compare   contents

test:  centers the pprint for a given file .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  print   print

test:  return v1 == v1 == v2 .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  null   -
truth:  spearmans   spearmans

test:  list all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  set   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a scipy array into a dense array .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   balance
truth:  convert   numeric

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   exponential

test:  get the double value for the given start and end .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  avoid duplicating .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  ensures   hack
truth:  if   check

test:  carrier is a log file which is passed to the expected ndarray .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  mimic   duplicates
truth:  function   function

test:  delete an endpoint from a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  warn a :class: .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  warn   null

test:  view function to mark a spam object robust .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  freeze   view
truth:  mark   a

test:  test that pods to deployed this test runs pods .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  test   test
truth:  marathon   marathon

test:  given a template name .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  accept   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  returns true if the given string is a indirect member .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  if   null
truth:  string   string

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   null

test:  get front lists inside loops .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check to see if the file at the specified line .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  run   check
truth:  if   null

test:  validates the given ip to the local ip address .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  increment   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the rank of a definite window with its elements .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse the given xml and parse it in the policy .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   user
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check that something expressed in *icrs* is suitable for certain distance between the correlation of the *icrs* tests .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   google
truth:  null   null

test:  tests that no translation is created on labeled .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   plural

test:  extracts the whether the given response and returns the given response .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  evaluate   find
truth:  extracts   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  takes a list of dicts .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  sort   versions
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the server is resolvable .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the cms link for the block .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  release the project .
truth: release the package . 
test:  clone   clone
truth:  release   release

test:  convert a file: path to a file url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  stuff for any assignment that may need to do .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  sets   lists
truth:  build   build

test:  just run a command and store it as a single output .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  run   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  match a trace with bcp color by color inside a rank that is an rgb by a mapped with a mapped that is inside a mapped of the rank inquire
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns hessian of the point passed to the l{klein} point .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  calculate   hessian
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if ytdl is a updateable .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   returns

test:  open a list of checking that have been open .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  null   content
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the modified time of the current storage time .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  return   return
truth:  modified   get

test:  returns true if label is a valid format name .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a regular file .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check that the given name is not currently being setup to start with the given name .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  if   state
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  generic starring should not use a relative structuring element .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  test   parameters
truth:  tests   tests

test:  copy an object from a derived model to a python object .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  validates that value is a connection constraint constraint .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns the filename of the current machine .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  null   decode
truth:  test   test

test:  prints a deprecation warning .
truth: prints a . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  prints   a

test:  kill a process with the given process .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  converts a volumeid passed as an @no_type_check image .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  use   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  produce join join for two lineinfo variables .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  produce   return
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  update re-using .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the package name of a file .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  choose   analysis

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if path is a symlink .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  collects a string of the api from the given api .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the pid by trying to access the pid in the named pid .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  given   a
truth:  analyse   a

test:  cached reading of file .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  decorator that skips a method on a new-style method and thus it in tool shed .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  skips   null
truth:  decorate   decorate

test:  load a smbclient auth file .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  load   credentials

test:  get first qos_specs .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  always returns root level .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  null   return
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  call   method
truth:  null   method

test:  quotes the urllib2 like urllib2 .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  quotes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create temporary directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  given a list of job ids .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the release date that can be used to find this release .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  produce an interval of a method .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  calls   calls

test:  shows the a particular page .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  shows   return
truth:  null   part

test:  returns a list of random tests with the test cross-validation .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  runs   tests
truth:  choose   a

test:  returns the secrets manager used by the secrets database .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify that you can escape this is .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  null   type

test:  returns true if a model_class is lyrics .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  if   return
truth:  compare   lyrics

test:  deprecated name for yesterdays .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  execute   function
truth:  query   query

test:  returns a roads points dictionary .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  multiplies   entry
truth:  find   find

test:  parses a sequence of mixin tokens into a single string .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   lists
truth:  parse   a

test:  disable the named service cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   rl_backward_char
truth:  test   test

test:  installs all python packages into the tree .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  try   null
truth:  find   find

test:  list kl results .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  runs   list
truth:  print   print

test:  clear uuids attributes .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clears   append
truth:  document   document

test:  loads only sample images from the given file .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   load
truth:  sample   sample

test:  checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  get   null
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the binary crossentropy between log and log .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  output   position
truth:  compute   compute

test:  mark a module-level configs as deprecated agent .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  get   null
truth:  warn   null

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  given   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a p-vector .
truth: compute np . 
test:  null   max
truth:  compute   np

test:  formats a number formatted using a phone number to a phone number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  project   a
truth:  format   a

test:  converts a complex accuracy to a file .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  builds   schedule
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the movie movie .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  pause   pause
truth:  pause   pause

test:  extracts the complex part of the given expression .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  =   =

test:  square-free sturm sequence in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  expands xml to string .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   data

test:  same as a <<= b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add a reactor by minion name or for the reactor to add it to the extended account .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  given   list
truth:  add   add

test:  copies a file to a remote machine .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create a figure for the given figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   a

test:  performs a context dictionary on the given site configuration .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  set a security header in json .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  launches   null
truth:  set   set

test:  add a a a a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  bind   a

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager that changes the jinja jinja messages .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  close   manager
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  wraps a wsgi application in both configuration and errordocumentsmiddleware this function wraps a static file in use and differ the wsgi application .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  get a group types by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  returns the currently disable ttl response .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  return   return

test:  build a web page .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  build   form
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  test reasonable of a native bar implementation from child files which is not used .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   decorator

test:  builds the ip address string representation of the defined ip address .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns list of files that can be used to grab changed .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve an object by col and produce the oauth dict .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  adds   requests
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a theano shared variable containing the penn class with a set of values for use with the specified numpy .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  get   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  decorator to skip test if backend is not in the backend .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  return the command and end it on the operation .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  finds prereg draft registration draft registrations registrations registrations .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  migrates   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  return a generator that can expand different tuples .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  get   get

test:  verify that the kernel is installed .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  make   calls
truth:  check   check

test:  return vmlinux .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the pathname of a file that may or a single file .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  name   converts
truth:  name   name

test:  make a single hot action .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test loading mri .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  get bevel rectangle .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to do an expression operators .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  transform   order
truth:  write   null

test:  process the given string si words .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  format   format

test:  modifies a view function by setting a view variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that causes an instance to be triggered on a handler .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  attribute   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  get seconds string .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  returns   prints
truth:  executes   cmd

test:  attempt to get a class by name of a class .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  read a pyc file .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  queries duck search .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  return   decodes
truth:  searches   bing

test:  construct a pipeline from a estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  stores translation and error message in response .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  errors   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wait for the given function on the given category .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  add an operator to the real operator .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  null   null

test:  use supplied xmodule twisted points to find the xmodule package that has been identifier .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  use   dataset
truth:  null   entry_points

test:  identify the landmark uri in the background .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  cache param determines how memberships are useful for the cache .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  cache   cache

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sine function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   brocade

test:  defines the inception v3 for inception parameters .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  quotes   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  serve   a

test:  setup the available auth certificate .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  wait   create
truth:  setup   a

test:  unpacks constraints .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  takes   unpack
truth:  unpacks   a

test:  convert cdao .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns the popularity value for the given obj .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  trending   null
truth:  returns   popularity

test:  return a list of models for all items of attribute .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  encoding   null
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a list of filters currently given file path .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  get   null
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and angle t2 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  launch a markdown file for the given pid .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  open   a
truth:  start   a

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and force .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters all es kwargs for dictionary with those keys .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  encode and return the given extension .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  encode   descriptor
truth:  null   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided in behave snippet .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return module version or none if it does not exist .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  set users home assistant server .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  set   sql
truth:  set   users

test:  ensure that a tree exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test finder files within a feature .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  null   user
truth:  finds   null

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return true if the provided url is a valid endpoint .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  generates a set of samples for crypt() .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   serializers
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  returns a new model .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve flavor with given flavor id .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   instance
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  if the user is authorized to view this password .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  push a new document in a bokeh document .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   nic
truth:  get   nic

test:  note:: enhance .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  trim   information
truth:  using   null

test:  create a function after a function that maps a function to a function after a function .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets a list of globs for a given expression .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  builds a partition suite of test suite .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   a
truth:  partitions   a

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the argument before the given encoding .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  preferred   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the complex with collide .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  remove titles references .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  replace   titles
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if we are running on an amazon web services instance .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  add surrounding from the path .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the row of a matrix with diagonal elements .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that a package is valid .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  performs a incron file on the given user cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  sets the static file on static file .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  null   path
truth:  content   content

test:  log request attributes .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  null   a
truth:  request   request

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write text in text format to encoding .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   length
truth:  text   text

test:  sanitize the hex string .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  generate   download
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches the content at the given url .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  downloads   fetch
truth:  fetched   returns

test:  validates that the given number is small enough to be supported .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  throws   null

test:  make some change to a deployment deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an ipv6 address .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  process   collection
truth:  get   get

test:  test if cr has initialized .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  simply print unformatted text .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  calls   decodes
truth:  print   print

test:  generate config dictionary .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  update   a

test:  a view that returns error request object .
truth: error view . 
test:  error   null
truth:  view   view

test:  p3/qt5 get rid of a matrix by a gpus .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new decimal instance .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  wait for the dependency as well as the default rule .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compute structure with grayscale structure .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   image
truth:  compute   structure

test:  wsgi submission with a non submission .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  logs a context with a log log of the given context .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  run   function
truth:  set   set

test:  run a single operation in a transaction .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  map   map

test:  getinfos returns the certificate in cert_file result .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  write   a
truth:  extract   info

test:  issue: url based on type and init init operations .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  url   url

test:  save given session to disk .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  returns a review instance of a fieldset .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return disk usage as a unicode string .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  send   disk
truth:  return   disk

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  validate the web server error if it cant be -- .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  works on the given stream and create a stream .
truth: print with color . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  print   print

test:  speaker speaker .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  virtual function to run available on the test module .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  strips the xml elements .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with negative signs .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  load a notebook from the data directory .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  load   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  set labels on the defined k8s cluster .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  set   secrets
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   calculate
truth:  convert   decimal

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   new
truth:  take   parameters

test:  stochastic gradient descent updates generates update expressions of the form: * param := param - learning_rate * gradient parameters loss_or_grads : symbolic expression or list of expressions a scalar loss
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  null   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a synchronization wrapper for a rawarray .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  svg a gcode linear move text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  escape a string for inclusion in a url .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escape   join
truth:  escape   escape

test:  allow properly to be used on a widget .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  to   region
truth:  link   a

test:  find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  null   find
truth:  find   find

test:  apply all the templates from a template file .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  execute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  print the successful and return the status for a given nest .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  print   display
truth:  display   ret

test:  wrapper around parser .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  runs the main gui .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  function   display
truth:  runs   runs

test:  getting getting all the empty pattern .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  reading   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix returns the matrix-vector product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  compute the simultaneous matlab function this is a wrapper for plot .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  computes   sphere
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the given value .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  on delete of the file object and fixed fixed storage .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  joins a path .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  test custom inverse of multiple inverse class .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  setting   setting

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  extract metadata from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct a machine header that is valid in any of the given machine .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  null   null
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been set .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a new array from a given array of data .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  generate pwnstallers tables for a given for-loop .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  formatting   a
truth:  call   call

test:  remove the protocol from a url .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a httpresponseredirect to the current page .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  take   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  try to extract the current versions from the doctest file .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extracts   wrapper
truth:  extracts   version

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   autoescape
truth:  force   autoescape

test:  returns the model checkpoint directory checkpoint for the model checkpointdir: .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  returns   model
truth:  creates   directory

test:  decorator to support limited functionality of the decorated function .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a dictionary of heap permutations from the heap .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  fits fits file .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  scheduled   a
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to flatten inputs into multiple inputs .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  defines   a
truth:  flattens   null

test:  send a message to a pushover channel or nick .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  test that a 3d shapes can be initialized with a 3d shapes .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  test   cross
truth:  issue   issue

test:  validate a user against a resource .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  convert an s3 key to a uri .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  convert   controller
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the cumulative sum of xs .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller for budget_allocation @status: experimental .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  match a regexp and match everything .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the weekdays integer weekdays integer weekdays .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  returns a declarative base class for the pb .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the unfulfilled api id for the given course .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  null   api

test:  compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  estimate   rank
truth:  rank   rank

test:  convert text to html following the displayed stream .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   no
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse a string of the form 1:23 into a datetime object .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  indent a string with the form of every line .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  show   indent
truth:  given   indent

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  comb   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  finds the query in seq_possibilities from several space in seq_possibilities time .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  display the homepage of the public statistics of all public updates .
truth: home page . 
test:  null   shows
truth:  null   page

test:  user can login if he is not in base .
truth: user can login . 
test:  skip   user
truth:  null   user

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  return   a
truth:  verbose   verbose

test:  get current scale scale .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   8bit
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find the current uid id .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   try

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   lists
truth:  sets   sets

test:  shut down event and fires a new request .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  time   create
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  execute parent logic .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  tests   sql
truth:  patch   patch

test:  decorator for rruleset methods which may contain internal params .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  create an instance secondary index .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the wink sensors .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  check checksum of byte mapping .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  null   checksum

test:  ask for the c{str} to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  return a path containing a single test method .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  instantiate a der object .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  generate an int representing no longer .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  boolean   runs
truth:  null   helper

test:  get default encoding depending on canonical hashes .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   get
truth:  file   file

test:  return value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  if   lookup
truth:  value   value

test:  remove an iam user from a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   user

test:  enable metrics for aws .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  schedule   info
truth:  enhanced   enable

test:  type delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   check

test:  updates a security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  plot the day and represent the given day .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extract the list of duplicates of duplicates .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  list   a
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  returns a list of standard directories performed for relative files .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of possible log .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  test that an exception is included into the expected logging .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  test   test

test:  resize a module .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  given   a
truth:  unload   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  collects all python files .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  update a notification about a new host .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  host   a
truth:  send   a

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  setup client and create a primitiveset in the given ssl certificate .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  connect   releases
truth:  set   up

test:  compile a string .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  match the given pattern in the string by the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   try

test:  get the list of flags for a given user .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  flags   flags

test:  execute one or more nagios plugins and read the output as a new one .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  run   one

test:  converts a paypal time to a datetime .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  performs   converts
truth:  returns   a

test:  builds a formatted string for a specific format value .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  stop all instances for the given version of the module .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  null   gradient

test:  a signal receiver which updates the last login login on the user logging in question .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  to   null

test:  performs a background topomap on the background window .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  run   indices
truth:  color   channels

test:  try to import a python module in global namespace .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  import   import

test:  returns true if the current transaction is in use .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  return true if the given interface is a router interface .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  return   return
truth:  based   null

test:  collate a string into a subclass of c{root} .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   a
truth:  collate   a

test:  shorten a simple ordered key ids .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  this function takes the segments list of emails and put them in the same time list as having to their names .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  returns   arrays
truth:  null   segments

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  retrieves a batch of targets for the given transport .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a node .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a diffchunkgenerator instance used for generating opcodes .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  we can use vxlan as remembered .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  use   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the firstset is valid .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  check   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  chop off the sequence .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  chops   chops

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test compatible with compatible without colors .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  send table to see when .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   pick
truth:  insert   insert

test:  docstring for a function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get a munging .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  like   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns string with possible characters replaced by a given string .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  return a list of the objects encapsulated for obj .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  makes   everything

test:  create a 2samples chart using the specified 2samples .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  output   null
truth:  plot   plot

test:  ask for a question .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   null

test:  get the list of contents of a stats .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  request   worker

test:  determine if arguments wants to be used for arguments .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  invoke matplotlib neural to imsave .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  save   null

test:  return a runnable client object that contribute to connect to the autoconfig and set it on the autoconfig .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  copy a list of paths to a scheduled folder .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  returns a type for a type that is not equal to the python class name .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove network network_id network_id network_id from network network_id .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  inspect   network
truth:  remove   a

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to body .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return the path to the users python modules that contains .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get the type class for a given type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert an application key from a previous app key .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make sure that learning_rule can be loaded .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the number of edges according to the nodes of g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets all virtual interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return crontab information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   crontab

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  calling calling methods should result in new-classes should only be not not not not not skiptemplate .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  following   following

test:  merge all translations from a translations .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a task which updates the current task .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  update   update

test:  common code for all applications currently installed .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  call   display
truth:  is   null

test:  check that the permission has gone access to the user .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  null   request
truth:  raise   popupexception

test:  estimate the resized for a and b .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  make   null

test:  reset a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  resets   return
truth:  reset   a

test:  it should download from pypi from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  open a sound of a *nix/bsd file .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  compute   attempts
truth:  null   null

test:  escape </script> tags as a boolean value that can be loaded .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  null   versions

test:  this entry point allows you to compute the grains and dayofweek .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  open   null
truth:  return   nginx

test:  add the prefix to the config file .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to format the timestamp in a given time .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate batches of imagenet images .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  takes   batches
truth:  generate   batches

test:  find corpus of the ribes .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  null   format
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a package .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  change qapplication qapplication to qapplication .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  change   change

test:  return a bash shell command bash .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  work   correct
truth:  run   a

test:  return the numeric assortativity coefficient .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  compute   uses
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return information about a certificate in the order cli example: .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   information

test:  converts a string argument to a subclass of unicode .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  stops the rabbitmq application .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  return   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check this is message to see if any negative negative sets are commentdetaildisplayhooks .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  check   check
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find image or id for a human .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  removes all members from a user .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  a decorator to perform a handler and checks that the user be logged .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  decorate   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove a tag from question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  given   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure the keystone tenant is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  plot a figure with hints data .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to create a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   root
truth:  function   function

test:  return the value of the base fact for the given fact .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if the named service is name the services to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   check

test:  simple utility function .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  use   string
truth:  wrap   long

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the list of files that meet the given file/directory path and try to find out the files in the master cli example: .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  h weekly downloads .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  update   update

test:  normal binomial differential equation .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  null   risch
truth:  null   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make msg not cause new line when output .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  msg   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  deletes sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  install   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  clean out the command line options and try to get options from the command line .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  remove   extension
truth:  return   a

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   server
truth:  perform   one

test:  parse a page into a list of arguments .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns true if the given token should be run in a invalid token .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  null   check
truth:  reject   reject

test:  retrieves information about the package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get a ctypes instance .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  load   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test suggestion client .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  swap   a
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  null   images
truth:  null   null

test:  saves the model to the current model .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   function
truth:  save   a

test:  returns authenticated information for the requested dns tld if it exists .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  gets   domain
truth:  retrieves   dns

test:  create a continuous random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a list of all capabilities examination by the zones .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  get   requests
truth:  get   cluster

test:  checks if provided version is a valid version for guidata .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  document add .
truth: new document form . 
test:  null   web
truth:  document   document

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  authentication decorator that returns authentication and require authentication .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  to   decorator

test:  retrieves the parameters from the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   parameters
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return the difference between the minion and the image that should be used for other installed .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  modify   function
truth:  remove   jobs

test:  block block shape from a string .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  running   vocabulary
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  execute   null

test:  test reading raw data using multiple spm .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  runs the testsuite as command .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  runs   images
truth:  run   run

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mix   null

test:  get translate matrix and delete the translate attributes .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  get   translate
truth:  scale   scale

test:  looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  print a summary showing the total number of a playlist frame .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the kronecker metric of a non-negative matrix .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  get   generator
truth:  solve   solve

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  gets submodules and status information about all modules .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  value_type information about the job .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  -   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  check whether a function is a type of file .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return list of all installed facts cli example: .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  github   format
truth:  run   facter

test:  tests a vat number using a string escaped with the right character .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  obj   integer
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  download the specified tablename .
truth: download a file . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  download   a

test:  take a snapshot .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  search   a
truth:  take   a

test:  get the evaluated value .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap the decorated function inside an elemwise object .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  execute   conversion
truth:  wrap   up

test:  test cross huge method .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  cross   cross
truth:  cross   cross

test:  convert int int or int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  int   int
truth:  convert   long

test:  add a slope so it behaves as a dirty tensor .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test some slices of two slices .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  convert   fit
truth:  convert   convert

test:  stop nxn privileges to convert an n-dimensional array of sequences to a single new shape .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  pick   function
truth:  squeezing   null

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test mapping of all inverse .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   iterator
truth:  generate   edges

test:  ignore a deprecation deprecation warnings .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd using gcd algorithm over a field .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  add stl given stl text .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   faces
truth:  add   faces

test:  returns joint .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a list of supported kwargs .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  print   language
truth:  output   language

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a 1d copy of the same surface .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  produces   null

test:  find a realm entity for all ancestor entity .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  stores   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  long line candle .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  null   line
truth:  null   baby

test:  takes a list of block device and converts it to responses .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  format   multiple

test:  check that git is installed and can be changed .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  check   filename
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a json struct into a python object .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  behave   behave

test:  get a list of all files definitions by the output .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  splits   files
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generates the abelian orders for each edge .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format a warning .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   function

test:  display the dashboard page .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  find   a
truth:  show   show

test:  kill a process with given namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  kill   kill

test:  collects a template from the given local machine .
truth: in apps . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  null   apps

test:  create read-only vm record in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   disk
truth:  create   create

test:  restores the options object to include a logged-in run from the restores file .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   restore

test:  create the hadoopcli client .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  yield successive n-sized l with length n .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  iterator   split
truth:  list   list

test:  factory function that instantiates the figure out of the matrix passed in .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  send   a
truth:  lay   null

test:  simplification a product of two terms .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  search   find
truth:  function   function

test:  return unicode name of 8bit ascii string .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  unicode   return
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  extrapolate bearing containing bearing within bearing .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   bearing

test:  restores a single elasticsearch .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  do   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for cross compatibility between python 2 and python 3 strings .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encode   in

test:  templates can be configured by the admin site .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize the ansible group if we have .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   a

test:  convert a space separated string to a scope .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function that operates as a list of dictionaries .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for quote_slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  make a fake payment_instruction node id for a given state .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  supported   libcloud

test:  generates information about the given key - normalize dummy home setting or primary key .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  return   null
truth:  make   null

test:  turn a sequence into a sequence .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   element

test:  convert array to array .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  a decorator that makes closed the rid of a class .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  sample from beta to return the position of the model .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  returns   media
truth:  given   current

test:  return the user that owns a given file or directory of which the group follow_symlinks was previously running on .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set up the module if it is run on a specific module .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  null   logging
truth:  check   check

test:  this method provides a receipt receipt for the passed data .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  reissues   null

test:  validates that a bit is valid .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  attempt to find a static hash of a given hash .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert samples to a file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  format   a
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  display the unpause dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  a decorator that returns a list of current requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  rest controller for map follow-ups .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  null   import
truth:  to   controller

test:  use this function to return a text field that can use the information on the fly .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   a

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  read and return the contents of a linux distribution .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  validates   server
truth:  return   return

test:  compare two statuses and a lhs .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes a new .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  run a identified by the minion cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  modify   shows
truth:  show   show

test:  stack trace of this log .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  print   a

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  common requests to make a vmware response .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  endpoint   configures
truth:  send   send

test:  read a pcap file and return as a byte string .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  read   read
truth:  to   function

test:  returns a users client configured to use for django requests .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the given file in the given file with the given trees .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get the group members for a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   group
truth:  get   group

test:  generate a json file as json and return a json string .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "raw" - "agg+" - "raw" - "raw" - "raw" - "raw" - "raw" - "raw" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   helper
truth:  string   string

test:  sets the given number of interval as a string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   calls
truth:  converts   converts

test:  reads the reparse data windows for a windows file .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  return   read
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  decorator to make a function seconds .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  calling   decorator
truth:  prevents   null

test:  returns length of valid utf-8 encoded string .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  retrieve   validate
truth:  get   get

test:  return a copy of the string s in the series/index .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders a list of processes that have been downloaded .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   dashboard

test:  consume the test! url .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  undo   like
truth:  consume   messages

test:  return an appropriate instructions instructions .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  upgrades   returns
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop the buffer cache for the given range of range .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  buffer   buffer
truth:  buffer   buffer

test:  start a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  return true if filename may be a test .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  other-config draw draw .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  a decorator that pauses authentication and __str__ methods under the response body .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  makes   decorator
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  tries to squares which were unable to a acks object .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  reverse   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the version that was used to perform python 2 .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to grab maker .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  restores an filesystem or filesystem on a file .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  cache   log
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a prototype for the prototype that return a pointer that return an integer value that return a trailing browser .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  null   geos
truth:  null   functions

test:  utility function to return a list of tuples that apply the given path .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  return needed for inputs of inputs .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  if   in

test:  returns true if obj can be different .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  returns   debug
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strip ansi sequences from source .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  strip   state
truth:  remove   ansi

test:  return true if g is a biconnected .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find a file in a directory .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  find   null
truth:  file   file

test:  a requirements dict of lines read from a requirements file .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  iterator   lines
truth:  yield   requirement

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  replaces   apostrophe
truth:  encoded   appends

test:  prints a list of comments .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  get   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  given the name of the module in the given application path .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   find
truth:  given   null

test:  checks that the dna type of admin sparks .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate random source files .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  include all migrations in a cluster .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  mask   data
truth:  include   include

test:  return the error element from a set of variables .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  error   open
truth:  error   error

test:  get a list of the choices thats choices .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  return   null
truth:  select   null

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  code   null
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieves all users from the network device .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  configured   null

test:  returns a list of pci requests from the passed in .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  requests   a
truth:  get   get

test:  run a babysitter and start the babysitter .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  copies a sortexpression object to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   fields

test:  pass in the that will be used in the that sets its value .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  enable the image name of the event was sitting in the vim .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns cleaned up of the *x* .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   values

test:  checks if the current linux command is bsd .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  opens a new skeiniso file for port_eth details .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  null   pick
truth:  stripping   null

test:  adapt a blob that can be used to make a html blob .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  adapt   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create the creation of a range .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  -   create
truth:  add   a

test:  skip a test unless a test is true .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  retrieves the response from the response .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  open   size
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  set the output of the output .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  set   accepts
truth:  have   standard

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if folder is hidden in folder .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that takes a remote user and an anonymous user .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get local s3 image or raise if it does not exist .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  null   get
truth:  find   find

test:  adds two theano scalars together and y to the new one .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  downloads a temporary dataset .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  download   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  ensure that we get threading to threading by 10-tuple .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  import a dotted module by its name in the dotted module and return the class .
truth: source: django . 
test:  to   imports
truth:  null   django

test:  test hive-site stubs .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the available available column names .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  -   a
truth:  format   items

test:  decorator extending .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  remove   jacobian
truth:  wrap   a

test:  test isolation forest .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return whether the origin in the fits file is in use .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute the total chinese of a polynomial at a time .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  reconstruct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  unlinks the edges between node1 and node2 .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  null   mark
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a set of random items for the given community .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  override an object from a subscription dict and saves it on a class .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  searches for a query by name and performs the first one or several attribute on the first class .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  tell   searches
truth:  use   database

test:  reset data to servers for index .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  reset   data
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dictionary of all the objects of an users attributes .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  by filling .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  collect   null

test:  this is a dummy function which gets passed by a ccx name .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  use   factory
truth:  returns   dummy

test:  write data to the postgres server .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  write   null

test:  view function to registered user account .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  indicate   values
truth:  view   view

test:  removes the special build file .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  output   output

test:  returns a boolean reflecting the the the argument .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  return   object
truth:  parse   parse

test:  serialize the given html reading to a single space .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  returns the overriding resource resources that could be passed in .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes the total cost of a layer .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper to create a variable initialized with a name .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  null   function
truth:  create   a

test:  get the last focused focused window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the firetv sensor .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse out the header and return a dict of environment variables .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  fetches an archive file .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  download   download

test:  get the total equality of an object .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  deprecated   return
truth:  if   check

test:  build a 405 for a gvm api .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  null   webhook

test:  receives the input given by the user from gen_payload .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  test inclusion_unlimited_args override override spans .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   span

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given version .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  run   null
truth:  add   a

test:  removes timings from the main model and returns a list of timings objects .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  parse the content-type and return dict of a dict .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  parse   multiple
truth:  split   split

test:  return the pip flag name for a function .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  func   a
truth:  func   func

test:  parse a content-type like system .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  parse   csv
truth:  detects   null

test:  a task that area that generates a mlp model .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  initalize devices with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   null
truth:  initalize   null

test:  create a new root project .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  point   populate
truth:  create   a

test:  binned up a binned binned binary sensor .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  mimic   connectivity
truth:  null   proportion

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fit one or several messages .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  determines if the given name is trailing with trailing / .
truth: for example . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the string indicating the python name .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  inverse operation for the logistic kernel .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  note   note

test:  converts the given string containing a snakecase code to a snakecase equivalent .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  test that a wheels failure is provided and that the requirements are raised .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  run   test
truth:  test   test

test:  call the last serially .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  null   call
truth:  list   list

test:  translates a unicode data .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  generate   try
truth:  return   return

test:  guess the attribute name into the untrusted interface .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  gets   null

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  calculates the generalized harmonic mean of the continuous values .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  returns   univariate
truth:  computes   null

test:  recovers sigmoid .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  write   a
truth:  update   a

test:  make the data usage of data usage by the buffer is a normal buffer implementation of the method/function .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  null   data

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  pick selected ip address and inject them into the python trivial loop .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  address   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  comb   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  cancel all the system command line logging should also be run .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  step   step
truth:  null   null

test:  add a profile menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  disable stream with name .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   check
truth:  enhanced   null

test:  fast fastq to truncate conversion conversion .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  null   fastq
truth:  null   helper

test:  get instances from an instance .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  replace   update
truth:  sets   sets

test:  check that all dependencies are present on the given module name .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by negatives .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns the indices with feature weights normalized .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a term node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  turn   place
truth:  create   create

test:  get an event node from the *name* node .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  open   get
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the meeting time zone .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  set   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a storage storage instance .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   function

test:  upload a wrapper script to a file .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  given a user and complete ids .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  pass in salt view of salt .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  set   null
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  write statistics for a gcode file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  get an releases object by name .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  null   return
truth:  computes   sin

test:  detach an existing disk .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  detach   function
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate one byte string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   one
truth:  generate   one

test:  list of known plugins .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a generator that yields a setup of setup .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  find   manager
truth:  yield   path

test:  try to ensure that a test is present in the test case .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  process   process

test:  performs a link to the document .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   compute_node
truth:  fix   service

test:  return true if the ticket should be changed .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  clear   return
truth:  figure   figure

test:  reset ckans protocol by degrees time .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  reset   query
truth:  query   query

test:  return the contents of an interface script cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  a numeric type check for bio .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  turn on formatted logging logger .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  allow   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the 1-norm of a non-negative matrix exponential of a non-negative matrix .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert a string to a value suitable for use in a text .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  text   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the hash used to store the git command .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  given a condition .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  null   append
truth:  return   a

test:  parse dhcp extraction in dhcp format .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  to   call
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a signed message signature .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enables randomization of various pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  enables   context
truth:  disables   facilities

test:  convert the thread in the entire thread to an image .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   return

test:  try to retrieve task output file from given host .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  output   library
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple of the os version .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return true if fname can be written .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  if   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  associate dhcp options lookup by vpc .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  associate   dhcp
truth:  test   test

test:  create a verifier to use when creating an object that can create private key .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  default implementation of the python interpreter .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  package   package

test:  create a table .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  capa the template render method .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  register   a
truth:  template   template

test:  fixture to return a temporary dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for memoizing the recurrence plot .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all detected mounts cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  list   list

test:  get the mysensors service for the requested service .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  get   client
truth:  get   get

test:  list all current page tools .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  get   a
truth:  add   things

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create an :class: .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a scenario .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc def .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  gcd   polynomial
truth:  to   try

test:  pretty-print a string object to a python object .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  format   a

test:  notify usage about students for the given audit so it can complete .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  notify   usage
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a context manager that temporarily replaces the messages in a stringio .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  stderr   stderr
truth:  context   manager

test:  test no data interpolation .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  reset the template and populates its initial template .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  clear   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  open a project by name .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  open   null
truth:  return   a

test:  motion the motion reader for mysql .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  given   sum
truth:  process   process

test:  get a service .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   connection
truth:  get   get

test:  cache a key with a proper handlers in the request .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the metric of the graph stored in the graph g .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  template tags that performs a space .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  stream   tags
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates an :class:iprovisioner zone provisioner .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  token   script
truth:  create   create

test:  locate a file in a x-frame-options file .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  locate   a

test:  calculate the symmetric background setting of n .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  create tags for a resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  given   null
truth:  create   new

test:  raise an exception if a message does not exist .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a pool in a new monitor .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a conda .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  return   null
truth:  set   set

test:  documents the action action to the given resource .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   a
truth:  documents   a

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add x intersections from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  load an image .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  resizes   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  fixture to return an topicsread topicsread and a topic .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given source .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns true if proxy should be used to wait for private to the given port .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  starts   null

test:  instructs function to translate the exception on a locale .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  translates   null

test:  get pci devices allocated to a node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to compile a python modules from the given file .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  to   mail
truth:  execute   a

test:  sets the messages on the request .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  module importer - taken from the python documentation .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  module   module

test:  network and dynamically using the network and end of the next network .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  create   a
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require english .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return an instance of udp with the current trace .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the movie movie play nsobject object .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  step 1b takes a vowel .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  sends an messages to a course .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  send   null
truth:  read   messages

test:  returns none if the current user is a stub for access to the currently changed credentials .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test for linearity of order against linear layer .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   lagrange

test:  compute a hash of text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  convert the given value into an object .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  take the value of units and return it .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   vertices

test:  convert a path into a native path and a relative url .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  change   path
truth:  extract   null

test:  wrap a function or method as a replication attribute in a replication .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  asserts that the http request matches the given expected response .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  converts a scipy scipy number with randomly retries .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  use   use

test:  update appened log application in bytes .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  processes   null
truth:  aborts   null

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ unattached .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  compiles a regular expression .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get the exit id for a specific object .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  prints   get
truth:  import   a

test:  return a list of the form that contain any previously added .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  return the indexes of the redirects indexes .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  sample   index
truth:  find   find

test:  adds a intercept panel to the database in the current thread .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  fake   add
truth:  add   column

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  prepend   a

test:  abs a colormap .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all files in the provided directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reconstruction where the image is less than the edge .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return information about a path as a unicode string .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  return   unpack
truth:  null   path

test:  return a string representing a time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  detect whether the node is an redefines node .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  detect   null

test:  square a square .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  step   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  long line candle .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  null   line
truth:  null   pattern

test:  decorator that takes a task and returns true if a task is a classic callable .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  create a group of in_path and their corresponding job .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  starts   a

test:  expected big for causes a table .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  results   null
truth:  display   a

test:  execute the all the module on the master and run the pillar on the master cli example: .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  upgrade   one
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns the path to the executable executable or none if it exists .
truth: source: url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  url   url

test:  convert psea sequence into hec elements .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  null   null
truth:  translate   translate

test:  decode a jpeg string into a encoded jpeg file .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   request
truth:  decode   jpeg

test:  returns the float value represented by a change change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the aaq time .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  adds   null

test:  check if we are running on geoserver .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  null   user
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  returns the value of the first argument .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 with a request-host image .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  waits for either assertion or a warning expression .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  remove a ccx from a ccx .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  slices   a
truth:  context   context

test:  imports the json function given a module and returns the json object .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  name   load
truth:  to   try

test:  verify that the categorical methods are valid .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  check   assert
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retry the function or disable if it occurred to retry .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  creates   a

test:  stop the virtual machine .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  cli a query .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  load   query
truth:  null   information

test:  return the string with whitespace removed .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  noop   noop

test:  determine the default group of the named process id cli example: .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  run   setting
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of enabled service .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  return   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  internal function to install a rarfile rarfile .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  generate   install
truth:  uses   rar

test:  check that this is valid .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  merge left sorted list into a resolved .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  merge   return
truth:  takes   null

test:  given a theme .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  load   plugins

test:  divide l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   l1

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  make the code tarball at the given revision .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fixture providing a readlinebridge object .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  return   units
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether the possible code is currently leading by a leading code .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the harmonic mean .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  is   handle
truth:  offset   offset

test:  returns url of github url .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  given two pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate cli example: .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the overlap loop for the given loop .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete an entry .
truth: close indices . 
test:  indices   snapshots
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates the standard error of the mean of the mean of the mean .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  calculates   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  creates the user account with the xmpp command and password provided .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test multi interpolation .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  test   task
truth:  check   check

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to return all matches in given pattern .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  take   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get event manager from media player object .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   event
truth:  get   get

test:  get the number of temperature in the current thread .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  reboot a domain cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  mark a function as being run in a request .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  marks   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test if the figure is already installed .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  close a package and kill it if not already exist .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  get the character and end of a character which is the split line .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   word
truth:  get   get

test:  asserts that a poles and close are not present .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  send   assert
truth:  check   check

test:  check that dist is a message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  if   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  start tomcat for all packages .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  null   start
truth:  start   start

test:  push a remote style to the remote server .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  dump   server
truth:  push   push

test:  test that a file is created when a file on a logger .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  function converts an expression to a string using the default approximation .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes a string to a .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  pickles   pickles

test:  this function loads extra model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  removes boundaries that have to be added to equal to a new covariance .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for qtgui .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set up common test case for the specified scenario .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  change   set
truth:  set   set

test:  turns a list of tuples into a flattened list .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   fix
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  return a color tuple of the graph g .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery on the page .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  outputs   object
truth:  disable   jquery

test:  exact matching of ip addresses to unicode .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  here breakpoint is not none .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  context   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a list of file packages changed to the current list of changed files in the list of files .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  disable paging on the output .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   performance
truth:  disable   null

test:  returns a list of interpolate for given language .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  translate   list
truth:  return   a

test:  get an http request token .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   query
truth:  account   account

test:  test that passing ratios .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  issue   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  return the global activation name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  return   tuple
truth:  return   activation

test:  parses a fragment fragment and returns a deep dict suitable for use with three .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  make sure the crash given is not in crash .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  seconds   null
truth:  do   null

test:  load collectors from all collectors that an entry .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get prefixes from prefixes .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  element-wise truth value of tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   inequality
truth:  null   truth

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond1 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  get all members of an user on a node .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  pass me an object .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  applies   sha256
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  group users .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   asset
truth:  add   add

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  null   indices
truth:  null   deviation

test:  verify a vlan to a vlan .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  server   new
truth:  create   a

test:  clear all the system .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  remove   content
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  build arguments to evaluation .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  build   build
truth:  builds   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 with a request-host image .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  generate a random color color as searching for a deprecated colour .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   numeric

test:  en en .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  handle   manager
truth:  returns   a

test:  changes changes between vhds and existing stock .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  set   read
truth:  null   null

test:  update the _ct_inventory number of values in the database .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  null   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  renders a compiler tag for use in the default arguments .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  equality_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  null   equality_expression
truth:  null   equality_expression

test:  retrieves the gcm name for the given name .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  deletes   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  retry_count   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  enable output of stdout to stdout .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  print   debug
truth:  enable   console

test:  get the gif api key for the given vm and return the data .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   dict

test:  a view to set decoder sql server to a buffer .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  execute queries against mysql .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  convert a unicode string to a unicode string .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the relationship between two users .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  validate   lookup
truth:  get   relationship

test:  return the lower bound to the weight bound w .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  produce join join for two lineinfo variables .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  join   join

test:  custom formstyle for a form .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   sql
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test y y error handling .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  error   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  ignore specific code inside a list .
truth: check if options . 
test:  ignore   return
truth:  if   check

test:  executes command .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  run   decode
truth:  execute   null

test:  main method for cleaning up the editor and run the command line .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  -   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  parse and return html .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  run all pending gui scheduler .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  run   run

test:  pass the image within a figure and rois .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  set   compute
truth:  project   image

test:  return the geometry in the minion cli example: .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  url   work
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the :class:~datetime .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  instantiate   try
truth:  return   a

test:  try to install ssl options .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  install   install
truth:  copy   certbots

test:  creates a new server adapter certificate .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   cherrypy

test:  creates or update a new user by the settings api .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  null   vms
truth:  do   randomly

test:  returns true if the current linux distribution is installed .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string of bytes into a time .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  make topo and let positions to a plot .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  evoked   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check for cinder start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the url to a thumbnail in the source file .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  server   source
truth:  return   return

test:  since coordinate is active .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  assert   verifies
truth:  if   checks

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  move the fully according to a range of fully a string .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a custom log user object that was just a filepaths to c .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return difference of specifier .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  transform   folder
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a signed tensor .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  setting   a
truth:  set   up

test:  convert a timestamp to a json datetime .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is blocked .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  decoding decoding .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  rebuild   app

test:  generate a unique lock .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  write   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that the minimal version of the minimal module is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  check   check

test:  converts a string to a /usr/share/doc/ .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  append   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the string to an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns true if g is an independent set in g .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  imports a class by its name .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  load   load
truth:  module   module

test:  formats items as described by their respective .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  computes a list of xs with xs .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  generates   data

test:  replace html chars with a aggregated variable .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  unquote   json
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the double value of the word .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   enumerator

test:  test that the defined interface can be loaded .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  runs   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  makes a color from the given table of color .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  makes   validation
truth:  build   a

test:  update all latest review reviews .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  update   task
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a utc time string to a unix timestamp .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  time   a
truth:  convert   http

test:  rest controller @todo: restful crud controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  given an image url .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  retrieve   image
truth:  return   return

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the get request and returns a specified request .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets all fixed ips from a virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  change email change form .
truth: change users email . 
test:  confirm   a
truth:  change   users

test:  push a double field onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  messaging delete .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   message

test:  returns the expected dict for the specified key .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use this function in your requests .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  fetches a list of all tenants for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   lock
truth:  fetches   a

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  fields_chain to mptt events .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  updates   handler
truth:  logs   logs

test:  enable the currently selected service cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  determine   rdp
truth:  enable   rdp

test:  tests whether two words are equal .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  compare   iso
truth:  compare   compare

test:  a basic summary of unauthenticated resulted resulted from a type_specifier snippet by some salt command line .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  use   method
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  create a new event on the database .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  creates   connection
truth:  creates   session

test:  used to @expect .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  entries   entries

test:  this function will return a list of keys that need to be put cli example: .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  get   one

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  get the terminal size and integer .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  collects a module .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  send and return inclusion_one_param to notifyosd .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  resize   emr
truth:  resize   a

test:  return a list of the users that are currently installed in the given name .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  performs more than a list of its classes .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  results   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   encoder

test:  cross-platform version of os .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  append debugging playlist to the baseline .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  required   log
truth:  log   log

test:  verify that a path matches a regular expression .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  do   axes
truth:  null   dimensions

test:  horizontal reconstruction on an edge should be a zero line .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  accept keys based on a glob match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  answer   filter
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decrypt the given data with the provided key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  decrypt   get
truth:  given   null

test:  attempts to convert utf-8 to utf-8 encoded length .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  utf-8   utf8
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  suppresses static files in the given static file .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  calculate   update
truth:  generate   a

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  tests translator comments are stored on on-disk .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize a container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  set   a
truth:  create   create

test:  select the full absolute paths of a file .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  start the document in the document tree .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  venonats female backsprite .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set debconf selections .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  enable   set
truth:  set   system

test:  uk -  .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  translates   validate
truth:  -   -

test:  return a string of json id .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate an approximate sparse triples for the given number of sparse matrix triples .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  scan a dict and value .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  unquote   data
truth:  restores   null

test:  get the window that can be used for the application .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  run the test only .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  run   null
truth:  create   a

test:  check parentheses without according to priority .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  check if a header has been set correctly .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute subcorr subcorr .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  fully-connected network .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  function   variable
truth:  null   null

test:  create a bound parameter in the insert statement to receive a prefetched server .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the zipline root root directory .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  null   root
truth:  get   get

test:  read a dictionary from the given files .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   scan
truth:  read   a

test:  strip irc encoded text .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  text   strip
truth:  removes   null

test:  factory for duck roles .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  setup   register
truth:  if   null

test:  colorize the gettext function .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  restores   null
truth:  make   null

test:  collects all related models in the given recursive .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the manifest and status on the manifest if it exists .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  remove   version
truth:  update   extension

test:  return an event message to a bokeh api .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   event
truth:  send   send

test:  *individual* -> stations .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  fixture   routine
truth:  replaces   a

test:  return the opts dict of the opts configuration .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  check if named file is a python file .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the value of the user-agent header to use .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns an iterator over the given list of items in the given list .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the number of interval on the xpathselectors .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  code   posts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   truncate
truth:  require   a

test:  get memory used for vm_ with flatten .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sample   rss

test:  tests that generate_pipeline_code() do not use a batchnormalizedmlp .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  register a new lltd class as the attribute of a class .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  null   attributes
truth:  null   null

test:  add faces from pillar which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   pillar
truth:  add   pillar

test:  return true if the given address is currently throttled .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  list partitions by disk cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  force   null
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the integer value for the specified integer .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given the given entry .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  func   build
truth:  null   null

test:  get the current address assigned to an interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the current thread .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  stack   supervisord
truth:  block   block

test:  compute the weighted objective objective function .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  null   text
truth:  text   text

test:  check if anime is anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  update   null
truth:  if   check

test:  create an instance of the application credentials from configuration .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  create   create
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  redirects to the user .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  return system boot time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  null   strip
truth:  return   return

test:  add a plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a stack exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  make a flag in the current figure .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  clean   return
truth:  clear   null

test:  list tasks of tasks .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   running
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  return   plaintext
truth:  encrypts   plaintext

test:  returns the base url for a given url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified 'brshow' should be profiles .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  list   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  null   md5
truth:  compute   md5

test:  check that a non distance detects .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   subunit
truth:  check   check

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  decorated   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  verify the homogeneity argument passed in the homogeneity .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  check   sys
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute the average darknesses for each image in the darknesses as a number of strings .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  change   calculate
truth:  return   a

test:  return a format string representation of a format connected to use in the current format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a debugger library given a file this is a wrapper around it to create the library .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the case statements in statements statements in statements come out of parsing statements in statements like parsing come come like nature .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  block   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  generate a temporary temporary file and writes it to a temporary file .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  import a module .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  imports   load
truth:  like   like

test:  complete an openid request object with the openid dict .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  complete   openid

test:  test either if an error is raised when ratio is called before fitting .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a string containing the given currency and currency value .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  patch crypto settings .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  function   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  projection for test_import .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  dataframe   plot
truth:  drops   drops

test:  check the footer magic magic has the par1 magic bytes at the given file .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the version of the current linux distribution .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts supplied textual string into an accountlistfeed object .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  supplied   a
truth:  supplied   converts

test:  inserts text into text .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  check if a string contains any common characters .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  convert a string to a native string .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  return   complement

test:  returns false .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  flask   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the main function runs the server .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the result of an object by name .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  print help options .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  help   help

test:  a decorator that returns a wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  null   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  prompt the asyncio loop for display .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  creates   imports
truth:  returns   returns

test:  colorize mongo .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  repack a dictionary to a dictionary of order options .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update user after read-only read-only .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  handle   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  reverse all image permissions on the given schema .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  remove   download
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  the stream factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  check the process in the file system .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  checks   code
truth:  if   check

test:  generates an identity page .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the row and a row dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get list of boot options .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  opens   dictionary
truth:  get   current

test:  return an array which yields the continued fraction .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  finds the path to the sql name in the given repo .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only allow control to run a subdirs .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  start   get
truth:  check   check

test:  create a new application .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  create   create
truth:  instantiate   null

test:  helpful count number of online from the last element .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over all the progress widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  generate a short uuid .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  calculate the score for the sequence of the sequence of the deep deep to an scoreatpercentile .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set held message(s) on the mail queue cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  check   set
truth:  put   put

test:  clean up everything .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  delete   build
truth:  built   remove

test:  get the full path to a function for running on win32 platforms .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the wunderground sensor .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  find   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test creating adding adding new adding adding the adding application to an adding with no adding the type specified .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  adds   test
truth:  check   check

test:  test whether obj is a pair of objects .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  check   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  individual insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  save   individual
truth:  insert   insert

test:  check if the web input is a validation .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  result   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  return the list of the brand found in this list .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  default   a
truth:  return   a

test:  condense points for css floating css .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  null   line
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export json from csv files .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   doclist

test:  returns a list of lines in the current directory .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  list   list

test:  download all workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  create use for use in storage .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  update the configuration in the supplied configuration .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  assign   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup the wunderground sensor .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  generates the log average from the provided entries .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  declares some extra key name .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   a
truth:  declares   a

test:  test reading and try to ensure the proper 3 documents get the correct path from .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  open   test
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller list / add output .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a static web wsgi filter for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the cylindrical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the edge magnitude using the scharr of an image .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   estimate
truth:  find   find

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  collect the dispatching stats of a given bucket .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream for being a valid format .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the gray converter for the specified entity .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  rebuild length length plus model .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  computes   version
truth:  returns   a

test:  get descendant variables of input variable .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   ancestor
truth:  get   parent

test:  styles the openid requests from request .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  display   display
truth:  render   a

test:  get the file timestamp .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   fetch
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  emulate   null

test:  make a hybi-07 frame .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  return   data
truth:  make   a

test:  remove a package lock .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   packages
truth:  specified   remove

test:  return a project manage slug for the project .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  return   project
truth:  project   management

test:  return the base64 base dir for the application .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  filters all items that match a list of server .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  returns the messages that the post will be stored in the session .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  emulate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  merges two dictionaries and continuous values .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   multiple
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  manage ip list for smtp connections .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  perform   set
truth:  ip   ip

test:  verify that the class attribute is unique on the class .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  set up a subtask on a new family .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  store   store

test:  return a list of all queues for all visible queues .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  landing page for the login page .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  we receive a function without before we can access the shutdown successfully .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  get columns of a buckets clause .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  initialize   returns
truth:  locate   column

test:  return the url for a wiki wiki wiki {% if it is .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  parses   numeric
truth:  create   a

test:  calculate the log transform transform from given otu by otu .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   log10

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  test logarithmic interpolation with a bad line .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  suggest   logarithmic
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  rebroadcast(host_from_gpu(x)) -> host_from_gpu(rebroadcast(x)) .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   join

test:  generate a cli test to get the pip wheel .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  change   lists
truth:  test   test

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  null   state
truth:  make   null

test:  generate a test pdf that uses alembic .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  use   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  register a mapping of scheme .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  register   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if update is available or maximun if dimensiondata .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   return

test:  return detailed information about a vms and a list of dicts: .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  get   information
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the output of a predicative with predicative w .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the default wigner cover of two dimensional .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  redirects the user to the page with the given wants .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the fact address as a boolean .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the comment model class by the comment name .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path to an coverage tree .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a global request object from the cache header .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove virtualbox additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   virtualbox
truth:  remove   virtualbox

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  if specified key is currently allowed .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  null   django
truth:  ignore   null

test:  returns the index of a viewer .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  null   groups
truth:  show   show

test:  calculates the approx error of the mean of a matrix .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free interface on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   find
truth:  ask   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return the index of the row at sqrt .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  applies   validate
truth:  null   <

test:  parameters date:string  e .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  activate   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  gets the metric name for a metric .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  null   scan
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given model contains multiple primary primary .
truth: return true . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  send a given vm to the named vm .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  save   find
truth:  scan   scan

test:  test installing from a wheel from a wheel .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  takes a dictionary and returns a dictionary which is a list of name .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the correlation distance between vectors and vectors .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for thumbnails .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  generate   saved_file
truth:  null   saved_file

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  compare two sets of equal header header and b .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  if   asserts
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns the current user .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the historical data files and run them into a compilationresultset .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  convert   options
truth:  given   a

test:  return whether the currently running the request is running under the session .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restores that provide pairs .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  function   up
truth:  create   a

test:  convert the database; metric .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  map   y

test:  checks to see if a file exists .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  apply a list of dimensional passes with the given match .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  use   null
truth:  test   test

test:  make a unicode string from a raw base64 encoded string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  unicode   string
truth:  make   null

test:  level 4: require a django user has permission to access a specific session .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  null   level
truth:  null   level

test:  return the timestamp into a datetime object .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  process   a

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  save   bound
truth:  bound   bound

test:  factory that returns a new method with the given arguments .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  format a timestamp for a given time .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  sanitize a slice of text into a yaml tree .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  given   null
truth:  sanitizes   null

test:  sff all available updates .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  compute   downloads
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  set the preferred time zone .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return only the dicts that are running on the given tag .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  return whether the reuse_db flag was passed .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification event .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns the template context variable with a debug tag .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  insert a node into the tree at the given path .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   include
truth:  insert   insert

test:  rescore problem in all students in a particular problem .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  update   problem
truth:  null   a

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  null   fetch
truth:  null   behavior

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return true if the objects of an object is a user-defined constraint .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   work
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet sensor .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  repartition dask for a simple performance of a class by multiprocessing a repartition .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load a data file from a file .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  gets the path to the template for the given template .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  context   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  try to determine the number of n arguments a variable number .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  to   prompt
truth:  to   prompt

test:  send an sms to indicate the sms on bot and password .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  send   real
truth:  sends   a

test:  return the florentine graph .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   directed
truth:  return   return

test:  a matrix elementwise .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  null   utils
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator for providing dynamic default values for a method .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  get a list of string names as a string .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  pickle a modules to a modules .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  use   attribute
truth:  function   function

test:  matches the project with the policy of alarm .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  process   rules
truth:  walk   null

test:  count the given html with sliced and the console .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  gets   read
truth:  list   list

test:  return a packed family .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   freebsd

test:  update value of property with known value .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   property

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the user that owns a specific uid .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  return   groups
truth:  get   get

test:  return an initialization bank key .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  null   information
truth:  return   return

test:  discretize model by taking a model over the mean of the pixel .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the key from the placeholder setting the placeholder headers .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate unique rst for asyncronously and check .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a dictionary of one instance thats thats a given cluster .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the solidly and return a string with the data correlation in it .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  settings   a
truth:  make   a

test:  retain a reference to a video object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   null
truth:  retain   a

test:  only load if win32 libraries exist .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  the intent is valid .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  sends an email to your system .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  send   send
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  return true if level is allowed .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  use   levelname
truth:  convert   level

test:  get the cutting of memmap .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using mle parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  null   index
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  settings admin view .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  view   login
truth:  view   view

test:  group of axes .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  null   square
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file exists and is a chrdev structure cli example: .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the file path as a string that the directory containing the given file .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  select   null
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for events based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  plot the image of the gray image .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plotting   null
truth:  plots   corners

test:  takes a human-readable file size and returns a formatted size .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  format   a

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  func   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  add a python string to a python string .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  s   strings
truth:  append   append

test:  returns the stock rate based on the stock queue .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set a dirty bit on every successful configuration variables .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a :class:pyramid .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  updates the binary number v .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  open   handle
truth:  null   version

test:  setup the available co2 sensors .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: text produce a job delete delete delete access control files .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  null   text
truth:  null   null

test:  rebuild a partition that passes through every partition .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  gets usernames corresponding to the given user .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  debug function .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  load   decodes
truth:  is   result

test:  retrieve the pids of a server reads in the given pid file .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generate all possible replicates of a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  pair   pair

test:  if a tuple of valid symmetric are provided .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tests   creation

test:  test sensitivity score with mne-python function .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  sorts a string for use in a cookie .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  null   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return dictionary with all values stripped .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  check   converts
truth:  remove   remove

test:  checks if this python module is a python package in the current block namespace .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   null
truth:  import   import

test:  unpack a septets septets sequence .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek one unit .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the hyperbolic sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  returns all options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove the specified colors from the database .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   colour

test:  generate the list of directories to include a directory .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  calls the specified column constraints to grant constraints .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  null   requires
truth:  decorates   column

test:  determines whether the specified file is a proxy run in proxy .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  obtains   function
truth:  return   return

test:  render a formset **tag name**:: bootstrap_formset_errors **parameters**: formset the formset that is available as a callable .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  return   a
truth:  render   formset

test:  add a new service to the given service .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  reports a list of strings to a public python object .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  returns   calls
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install download and download dependencies from the remote configuration .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   task
truth:  install   install

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets cookie(s) as provided by the give parameter and redirects to the cookie list .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  decorator that ensures that the user has present .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  use   decorator
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  parses the collection of a resource .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  reduce a multivariate polynomial modulo a constant in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   a
truth:  reduce   a

test:  read and reads an array from a file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  return   return

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   principal
truth:  compile   vm

test:  display a list of all review requests belonging to a particular review .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  takes a list of dicts .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  pyopenssl   check

test:  called at the end of the pack command line .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   method

test:  pass in a value of everything everything everything within the content .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  returns   cast
truth:  return   a

test:  writes the object to the given cache file .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  helper function for scrolled but doesnt support the record .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  file   verifies
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a relationship function from a string .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if the specified successful is an argv successful .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  match   match

test:  look up serializer for the given class in the class .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  verifies   class
truth:  null   decorator

test:  processes weights about a model .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  populate   display
truth:  show   show

test:  override django 1 .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  associate   logs
truth:  null   pipeline

test:  return the currently active time as a round .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  this takes a list of strings and returns a dictionary of svm objects .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  writes a file in disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  decorator for marking a function or a passive if theres a method with the given arguments .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validates that the model is supported by the linear model .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  s   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of the texture 1 .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   a

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  ignore the given command .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  call   null
truth:  ignore   ctrl+c

test:  fires after code is executed in response to user/frontend action .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  fires   null

test:  helpful our specification for fulltext .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  run arg on a pylint file .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  return   undo
truth:  null   null

test:  sets google search .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  saves   default
truth:  sets   sets

test:  updates profile picture for a new user .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  implement item at x .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  choose   returns
truth:  select   elements

test:  a window that is a sound layout in a use .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns an encoder for a group field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  like   like

test:  use changed languages after the last errors are stored .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  null   languages

test:  factory that converts a tuple into a tuple with the given items .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  itemgetter   fixes

test:  run a task hook and return its queue hooks .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  run   check
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   current
truth:  obtain   current

test:  get the icondata for folder .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate wrapper shell script for the script script .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  generate   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  concatenate a sequence of truthy pairs .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  vectorized function for the absolute value of the l2 wmi function .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  null   checker
truth:  null   null

test:  return a default locale .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a dictionary obtained by his his parse_fasta the elements in the primer .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  expands   expand
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  do not expose users .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  write the old libraries of a list of libraries .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  write   a

test:  drop stats for logging implementation from log files this guards if that require a list of strings that can be passed to the log file .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  call   views
truth:  drop   drop

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  interface to the command command line redirect .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  launch   prefix
truth:  command   command

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure logs the same way as expected .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  ensure   agent
truth:  test   test

test:  return a string - the following fields: - the class name - the string - the string - the string - the current one - the string - service_check function
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   null

test:  apply a list of topics to each process of topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check known users cannot access a bad file .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  based   a
truth:  null   tm

test:  parse a repository and return the repository exists .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  try   messages
truth:  resolve   null

test:  get the adapter name of an ip or network adapter .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  calculate the flattened trace for a dataframe .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  calculate   schedule
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test that selectionchanged does not match no file .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert any given object into its corresponding string .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  given   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  set versions for versions .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  make   string
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get info on a specific grep cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  server   cmd
truth:  get   current

test:  convert a string to a tokentype node .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get unique ft_library handle .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  do the loss function of both radius and properly .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  null   find
truth:  compute   deviance

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a new feed items for a given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the head part of a path .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  collects all the empty modules in the given path .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  find   find

test:  shows the templates as a facebook template for a given dictionary and renders it as context .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  render   null
truth:  mimics   django

test:  return a list of ssl copied from a list of possible .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  verify that the credentials is admin on the target in this context .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  register   context
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the default graph .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  null   console
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a new private key function .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a list of versions for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the image onto the specified canvas and size .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  prompt   overlay
truth:  to   null

test:  find all gating milestones for the given user .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  wait to see query output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  direct_declarator : id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  execute rac in a bootstrap path .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  return a set of matplotlib matplotlib matplotlib rc parameters .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  determines   return
truth:  return   a

test:  main method .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  open   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  launch a review branch in the review branch .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  prompts   a
truth:  diff   diff

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the environment for the current test version .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  if   display
truth:  return   return

test:  test if task has all the expected situation in it .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  walk   null

test:  before before displaying the server .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  insert   example
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the cpu affinity for a process .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  fetches   logs
truth:  function   function

test:  do the actual array of type kwargs .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  call   function
truth:  function   function

test:  rotate a given integer into a left .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  process   returns
truth:  rotate   x

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words argument: number of words to truncate after .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  ensure that the named snapshot is absent name the name of the snapshot of the snapshot to remove force : boolean also all the child of snapshot name of the
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   bson
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the distributions of a given type .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  value   value

test:  calculate the transformed points that applied to the test run .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  gets   difference
truth:  calculates   null

test:  sets the unit state to copy it to that the unit contains .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  return   download
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a high-level function adds a list of all the tables to all the tablename .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get inradius of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   minimum

test:  return a new unique entry .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the given integer or number of bytes from a token into a python int .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  get a cluster that matches specific services .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  directory tree walk with directory .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  assert that the list is before the value of the element passed .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  null   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a dict of all job ids .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  waits for a string to be ignored .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  like   a
truth:  input   input

test:  translates a features into a sequence of features .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  builds   a

test:  delete an object .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  delete   usage
truth:  usage   usage

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  perform   null

test:  add flavor access for flavor given flavor and update it .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  given   add
truth:  given   add

test:  decorator which adds a function to be remote thread .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  determine whether the systems given by an openstack environment variable this function attempts to figure the command line in the systems .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a localised number used in bytes .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  find maximum y value from four vertices .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   minimum

test:  get the scaling policy .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  parse an s3 uri uri into a more human-readable uri .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parses   property
truth:  parse   parse

test:  map a relation relation to the given type .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  map   relation

test:  convert unix ticks into a timestamp instance .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  convert   unix
truth:  function   function

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  return the path to the toolsdir .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get the evaluated link .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the unit registry to use .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  prepare up subpath and convert analyzes to pyo .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  fix   sql
truth:  download   software

test:  deletes public ip density .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  create   a

test:  invoke a container path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any common leading whitespace in every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  inquire from url .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  replace   half
truth:  extended   euclidean

test:  helper for parsing prompt .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  log   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  server   server

test:  remove unique elements from iterable .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  duplicates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a string to a datetime object .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  return   string
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return status code plus message status text descriptive .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   status
truth:  return   status

test:  gets the windows inheritance from the payment .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  pushes a student to the sales date on the current thread .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  query   grade
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  iterate over a sequence of command .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  resolves a python definition dictionary to an fused definition .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  execute the matrices of the matrices .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   *

test:  return local file .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  file   a
truth:  displays   current

test:  destination a source file .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  source   null
truth:  null   a

test:  size settings to post .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  form   delete
truth:  render   render

test:  remove a differences from the minion .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  clean   delete
truth:  clean   null

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  simple wrapper to make the pre-populate .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of image headers that can be fed to a dict of http headers suitable for an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  re-quote the cloexec cloexec .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  release   a
truth:  used   null

test:  returns a list of bfs test from source .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a string using double format and return a string .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  parse   format
truth:  format   format

test:  waits for the application to be checked by default .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  take   a

test:  turn off the port to see if the os checkout name the port to delete multiple port to the port of the port .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  mixed   a
truth:  null   a

test:  validates the validity of the tile scale by valid scale .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  scale   scale

test:  fixes the multiple modules which contains various dag .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  null   fixes
truth:  surround   null

test:  use this completion test that should contain a subclass of vo .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  running   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  element-wise truth value of .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   equality
truth:  null   truth

test:  notifies the current line .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  be   null
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  sets the expire on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates the list of start courses for the given student .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  require   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gets the list of enrollments of the given user .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the next loop object .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the msvs between two vectors .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  returns   product
truth:  cross   product

test:  test cloning a git url which is emitted as an editable url .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  test   test
truth:  cloning   test

test:  pick only the token in the channels .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   channels

test:  decode a diff of text into a typical bug .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  generate   a

test:  create a new palette palette to make a palette .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix palette .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get default currency .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  default   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as an api .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  replace   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  turns the url and outputs info from a environment token .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  output   outputs
truth:  null   null

test:  return a passed url for a stable url .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  inputs   inputs

test:  activate the named service is enabled in boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   check

test:  convert a http response name into a list of redirect ips .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  request   get
truth:  null   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  results   format
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new mapped shortcut for the given slot .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  given   jacobian
truth:  generates   laguerre

test:  decode data from a base64 encoded locale into a random locale string .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  null   frequency
truth:  check   a

test:  remove an tap tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return the absolute url of a file .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  url   null
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  return a list of the image that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decorate a test unless you are in the expected .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  code   mocks
truth:  replaces   a

test:  push a repository mirror to the new repository mirror .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  discover   clone
truth:  apply   a

test:  return a new theano link .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ajax view to return the initial initial backends .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  check   social
truth:  add   add

test:  notify subscribed users about new translation .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  notify   notify
truth:  notify   notify

test:  detects the version of a configuration file .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  to   os
truth:  get   nginx

test:  track the rfxtrx events .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  take   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  set up the coinmarketcap class .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  converts all nested keys in "data_dict" to their primary key .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  set   set

test:  return the arrays that can be queried in the different environment .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  set adjust option as float .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  adjust   adjust
truth:  adjust   adjust

test:  gauss-legendre quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the specified logs is a properly .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  empty   line
truth:  null   null

test:  changes the amount of memory allocated to vm .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  return   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  use the output of sound ssl job to provide a message .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  replace   read
truth:  returns   a

test:  escape special html characters .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  returns   escape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check whether the given course has access permissions for the course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  return doctest doctest .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  return   return
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders the storage account table details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   toggle
truth:  find   a

test:  get api method response for a resource in a api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   api

test:  returns true if the container exists .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if the given user has the permissions for the given permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute the prior prior to a prior type .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  null   rms
truth:  compute   orientation

test:  convert the given expression to a different acceptable value .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the spanish for the pages specified in listen_fds .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  lowercase   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a task entity by id .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  get   a

test:  registers vcs handler for the given vcs handler .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  null   vcs
truth:  to   decorator

test:  dialog this function across a new block of an learning" function .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  build   function
truth:  render   a

test:  check that the qt version is supported .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  sanitizes a filename to the given name .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  convert a day in iso 8601 format to timestamp .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  given   day

test:  test read epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   epochs

test:  parse a snapshot of the provided snapshot into a dict .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  xml   xml

test:  generate an array of type kwarg within a random string .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a datacenter folder on the specified datacenter .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  remove widget and text from the given string .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  using   i
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates a property on a property and a deprecated property .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  used   a
truth:  deprecated   handle

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  verify that the class of a class is a task .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  point   point
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator to check that the user is not a valid instance of python 2 .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  formstyle for a foundation .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  generates a string with the common metric value of a expgenerator post .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate a new session .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   routine
truth:  generate   generate

test:  uploads an object to a file and returns the encryption key .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  find the evalf points of a set of nested mapping file .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  null   methods

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple against a set of image .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  avoid using readline .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   readline

test:  return mirror matrix where there are mirror within reflection and size .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   matrix
truth:  return   matrix

test:  converts a dictionary to a document_pb .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  load a module from the filename .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   load

test:  count the value in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  build the dictionary mapping common to each string .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   vocabulary

test:  returns the blended transform for json-safe .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  given   syntax
truth:  create   a

test:  obtain input reader parameters from input specification and input parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  output   output

test:  ensure that the named index is absent .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  loads image shape from pil .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  if   image
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return true if the string is a valid os string .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the url that the given backend exists .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  return   style
truth:  url   url

test:  configure the service for the given service .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  restful crud controller - just used for map on map .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  generates a new id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  filled up a list of special characters and test only create the signature that provided by the database .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  get   test
truth:  tests   editable

test:  sets the cuda amount of the cuda configuration .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  used   function

test:  replaces $color_i by page with page .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  print   display
truth:  null   one

test:  function to produce a finder processs string for path .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  cached   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if given sequence is valid .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  setup the wink lights .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test installing a wheel using root .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  installing   null
truth:  installing   test

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix returns the elementwise product of a and b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the pootle version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create the machine_name constructed source .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  tests   trigger
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory to track entity events .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  synthesize stim events from channel .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  null   list
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  threshold is 2-4 of threshold which is threshold in sequences .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  null   label
truth:  draw   a

test:  takes a dict of nobs_all like systems .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a string like l{unicode .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  code   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  execute a shell command in a subshell and return its output .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  to   transform
truth:  extract   null

test:  displays the display options for the current database_engine .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  given   a

test:  this function tests that ensure that the feedbackmessagereference is raised when it is none .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   a

test:  load a given file .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of paths that have been completed within a given rule .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  unittest test cases for building tests that comprise comprise .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  is   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  label: get the object for object .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test io .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  io   io

test:  return a new union object .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  parses a recordelif .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  parse   monitor
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the path to the theme associated with the given theme .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  test if we have a duplicate keys for duplicate during a comp merge .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  attach a json userstory statuses statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  move up against remote host and returns its results in the owners owners .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   null
truth:  move   move

test:  return an inherited doing the mysql server .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  code   add
truth:  null   docs

test:  return true if a is not b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove keys from a nested dictionary .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert a string argument to a subclass and return it .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  like   urlparse

test:  translate exit status of exit .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  import python module if not already exist .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  should not create the invitation linked to that user .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare region length two random length .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  compares   build
truth:  returns   a

test:  check the permission for the addon has the given permission .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  if   try
truth:  if   check

test:  widen the preface gcode text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  this function returns true if a config file is unedited a unedited address .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  needs   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  project redirects to ajax view and form view make a form on update on port which he he .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   html
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  prints out a blobs access control list and blobs as a new user .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  display a media service .
truth: the media page . 
test:  returns   task
truth:  null   media

test:  returns the number as a string .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  get the base directory of the current project .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 tutorial .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the number of versioned hmac hmac body .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  parse the given request uri .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prints the summary of the field between two token .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  get   cast
truth:  generate   a

test:  sends the output of the code that are in a stringio .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  code   manager
truth:  save   stdout

test:  calibration measurement for a set of predictions .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   measurement

test:  align -> int rounds x up to nearest a down query .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  points   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a gitmodules configuration file .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an iterator over rsa .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render a icon to the given css class .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  sending   render
truth:  render   a

test:  wrapper around stdout .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  execute   run
truth:  capture   capture

test:  converts all urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  returns the first environment variable or a shared environment variable .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  null   environment
truth:  return   a

test:  writes /usbkey/config .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  computes the inverse of square matrix .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  search for all results which need to search for a particular page to ordered by the page .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  search   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  connect to a connection and return a url .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  to   connect

test:  load an expression .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute the salt command .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  invoke   calls
truth:  call   call

test:  parse dates parameters .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   date

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  unified   get
truth:  unified   get

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert two alignment files into lexicographical objects .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute the fingerprint of a sorted list of paths and a sorted list of paths .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  extracts system seconds from the current system .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get or create ec2 volume from the corresponding ec2 uuid .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create an image from the local data .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  get the repository directory of the repository .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  write environment information to a given request .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  take   log
truth:  logs   http

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test logo text .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   logo
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a string containing the first located of the given uri .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  adds enrollment attributes to the corresponding enrollment for the course provided .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  physicists laguerre polynomial .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  wait until the master has been master with some master .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  open or create database tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   close
truth:  open   open

test:  yaml: copyartifact-build-selector use url_for to builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:release plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata for a string .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  fake not fail to be used with a fab processes .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  invalidate certificate certificates for the given certificate in the list of students certificates .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  profile   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  copy a snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return a list of all the tests .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  clears the plugins in the plugins .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  deletes filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   filesystem
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  uploads a rendition for the clean instance of the model .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  obtain   a

test:  converts a dispatch string to a dispatch name .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  read   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a role from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  rename playlists list .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  s   rgb
truth:  rename   a

test:  write the conditional formatting rules based on the indent .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator that raises an exception if position is not param .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a + + a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  marks a test as deprecated .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  null   null
truth:  flags   a

test:  load a class from its alias .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   class

test:  find the maximum flow flow of g .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  match   find
truth:  find   a

test:  find the boxcox of the current source of the current gaussian distribution .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  value   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test that all identifier functions can copy a url .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  null   matrices
truth:  test   test

test:  download a new disk to common instance .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  show   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  run the tests for the web server .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a exam to a entrance exam .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  compute   resource
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return true if path is a unsaved tag .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a subplot plot .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  declare a function by name .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  partially area of the auc of the auc .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  =   compute
truth:  compute   area

test:  re-render the target .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  use   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  displays a message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  merge a fuse .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  retrieve   output
truth:  null   null

test:  return the port number of clusters for the current clusters .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  move the next history of the history to the history .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  to   compile
truth:  to   move

test:  creates two imports of objects a generator .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  create   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  make the given jid .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   logging
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  escape special html characters .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  escape   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  removes role from username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  resolves   role
truth:  remove   role

test:  tries to find an appropriate closes in the given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   callback
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get the current global ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse a string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  wrapper for the language code .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  records   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  test that you can accept a single table .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns an owslib from the given class .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  function   import
truth:  import   a

test:  train a new .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  train   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  check if the given module exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse enzyme records in the graph .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  only work on systems which the minion is supported .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  return   load
truth:  set   set

test:  set the ffi_callback() and make it available on the palette .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  default billship handler for the api .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  default   handler
truth:  default   default

test:  fail if the == operator are not equal .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   system

test:  return an open usage for the given string .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  combines   null

test:  send activation token to user the activation token .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  output   test
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the logs of the logs .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts binary data to a byte string .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  bytes   null
truth:  cast   a

test:  context manager that logs a time for a with statement .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  asserts   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  encode a string using the url-safe and write it to a url-safe hash value .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns an http credentials that is configured with the application credentials .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  gets   try
truth:  returns   application

test:  sorts the version of the list in the list command .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sorted   returns

test:  dumps dumps headers for text .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  yields   quotes
truth:  dump   null

test:  collect multiple option values for a list of option .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   multiple
truth:  collect   multiple

test:  return the configuration for this specific configuration .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  returns   config
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the given host matches the given authentication or can be found .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  sets the time of the gc .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   status

test:  parses the querystring for a given basket .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  convert   http
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a new xor cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  sets the config file .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  to   null

test:  creates or returns the at targets[target_name] for the given target .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  is   null

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print the procedure .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   get
truth:  print   print

test:  unpack a numpy ndarray .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   a

test:  generate pairs for producing operation on their input .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define html document for document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  returns   html

test:  uninstall a feature args: feature : the feature to install a feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  uninstall   remove
truth:  disables   null

test:  validate that the value is unusable .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  check   null
truth:  to   filter

test:  returns the sysfs device configured by a pci address configured on the pci device .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  trim a front of the trimmed attribute from inside a list of strings .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trim   null
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return true if mode is from a regular file .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve name for a changes or a part/url .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  return   return
truth:  name   resolver

test:  builds an identifier number representing a preloading identifier .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  converts   formats
truth:  encodes   a

test:  provide the tooltips for the hazard filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  to   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  get a list of the fallback based on the request .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  get   method
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the server_name hits in the form of an updated row .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the craft type plugin module name .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace the standard extension of the standard minifier method of the css to vanilla .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   urls
truth:  replace   replace

test:  choose a random boundary .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   a

test:  try to determine the unicode string from the prefix in the prefix .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  null   url
truth:  detect   null

test:  get the url to use for a comment .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from gray to color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  run long and return its result .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  score   a
truth:  run   a

test:  the functions that doesnt exist on the symbol .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  model   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  generate a list of objects based on the path and the list of objects .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  grant access to auto-mounted shared folders args: to set in the users [name]if : prevent state of the list of users to update .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  enables   a
truth:  access   access

test:  return true if a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  tests that file encodings in the system option are supported by the last camera function and that we can be updated to copy it into relative to copy a file
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  to   process
truth:  null   null

test:  view function to allow openid signin .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the 7; matrix of squares variables .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  null   relu

test:  get all the collected matching a product .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  matching   matching

test:  set an rgb color of the value passed to the current color values .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  null   add
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  galaxy galaxy .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  given   put
truth:  convert   paths

test:  indent text or byte string .
truth: indent text . 
test:  text   manager
truth:  text   text

test:  controller to remove a inclusion for inclusion in detail .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  register   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  create a base class for a metaclass .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  create   a

test:  close the current file or resets the *ufunc* .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  returns an absolute url for the given path .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  save data to file .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  save   null
truth:  saves   image

test:  set nginx variables for bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  takes   default
truth:  set   nginx

test:  retrieve all the resource urls .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   function
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a relase .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  iterates over a dictionary of key/value pairs and converts it to a single dictionary .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  return   a

test:  if the path is a group of group that cannot be created .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  return   a
truth:  require   a

test:  resolves and split the index dictionary into a hydrate .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  get   config
truth:  hydrate   null

test:  scrub the pwd_hash .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   function
truth:  scrub   null

test:  create a setup object .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  perform   request
truth:  return   distribution

test:  returns the mor value for a given property .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets a token that can be used in a service to main api to main token .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  destroy the named vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the revision for the application .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  yaml: phabricator execute phabricator results .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  null   process
truth:  null   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   use
truth:  test   test

test:  read the element data of type :data:float .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  computes the total neighbors of a violin plot .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  to use a list of event requests .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute rms phasediff .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  computes   lists
truth:  compute   compute

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  register   null
truth:  save   null

test:  create an interface .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  selects   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  get a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  write   a

test:  generic view of views which will return all assets to lti .
truth: view that . 
test:  return   view
truth:  view   view

test:  tests timezone are whose creation of contributors and datetime objects are provided as timestamps .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  get   get

test:  save a model to the existing and then save it to the received model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  save   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  compute partial spline section of sos parameters sos : array_like .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate share links for a list of links .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  share   share

test:  make sure we can decorate this because the validation has the same name in any kwarg that are not in validation .
truth: process the message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  process   process

test:  returns true if the string passed is a number-like string .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  if the given text is a valid python symbol .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  replace   transport
truth:  get   transport

test:  equal_weight the incoming objects of a binary .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  convert   imap4

test:  check if the image id is valid .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   check

test:  performs a vector on a vector .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  null   scan
truth:  solve   solve

test:  generate all possible prefixes of a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  wrapper around get .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  set   object
truth:  use   a

test:  entry point for the test .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   alternative

test:  eclean flask api endpoint .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  try   section
truth:  clean   null

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the md5 hash of the given string .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  compute dimension dimension or s(z) approximation .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  settings   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the function{ function name is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  function   delete
truth:  function   function

test:  get an email with a random replacement for inclusion in the correct local user .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  mask   mask

test:  convert the given type to a python object .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  works by pid .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  restart   user
truth:  shut   null

test:  new field form .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine which basis are integrating to be locked .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  change   null
truth:  null   space

test:  installs a query parameters .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  keeps   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  get class by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   symbol

test:  decorator that allows you to define threaded threaded threaded on an interface .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   import
truth:  create   a

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  sort an iterable .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   value
truth:  sort   sort

test:  add a title to the make name .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get a path with only the points that are endpoint from the path to the scripts .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   portion

test:  simple method to check the multiset_partitions_taocp for the incoming password .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  function   file
truth:  to   tests

test:  sets the identity message and the queue identity .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  null   object
truth:  store   a

test:  repeat arrays along an stride .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  remove invalid arguments from query string .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  strip   strips
truth:  null   null

test:  request a task to generate a task containing information about a course .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   method

test:  this wrapper around is_possible_number_with_reason .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  retry   a
truth:  function   function

test:  fix the url so it is proper formatted and encoded .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  parse   fix
truth:  to   function

test:  returns the multiprocessing metric name .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  null   in
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   elementnode

test:  generate points from the list of points .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  insert   config
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ljust -> string return a right-justified version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper around callable that works on a keypad .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  diff   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a dictionary with the current reporter .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  get the version string for the version .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  format   format

test:  return the matplotlib options that a gathers based on the current api .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if false and last element of the given iterable into a negative .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   a

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   members

test:  return leading coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if a cache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  computes a regularization cost by applying a network to the parameters of a layer or group of parameters .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  only load this module if m2crypto is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  check   null
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   duplicates
truth:  remove   remove

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  make sure we have the filesystem folder at the root folder .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  change   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  install signals on a thread .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  perform   tests
truth:  assure   null

test:  returns the service name associated with a service .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words argument: number of words to truncate after .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  given the current inverse from a cuda given number t at the given number t .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   inverse

test:  encode a password .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a container .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  swap   swap
truth:  swap   swap

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset file .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  using   train
truth:  using   train

test:  destroy the given instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  convert a unix time id into the unix date .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of unique constraints for the given table .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  gets   list
truth:  get   a

test:  sample from a mixture of distributions .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  convert to a string .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  text   a
truth:  null   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  function for rotation with rotation for one type .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  null   function
truth:  interpret   null

test:  guess the extension in a field based on its type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  guess   guess

test:  filter out requests to the provided requests .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  is   a
truth:  query   query

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  unignores   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the available linode classes .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   page
truth:  add   add

test:  halt the specified zone .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  prepares   detach
truth:  halt   null

test:  given as close to ave .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  return   mean
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a simplified key contains at least one in the line .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the disk size for a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   disk
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the value in a fixed width .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  send request to post and determine whether it is the inputs of the post or post post and that the post used by the post form .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  email   email

test:  displays the generated message .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   b

test:  decodes a document from prospective_search result string into a ast object .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  allow   entity
truth:  document   document

test:  return true if filename is a pow .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   framework

test:  copy the config onto the induce .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  validate   protocol
truth:  make   null

test:  compute the epipole and de_bruijn .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  compute   lists
truth:  computes   null

test:  return truth value is inf and fails for gui .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set new video input on .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  utility function to convert masked array of data to correct configurations .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  indexes   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> basestring create a string that doesnt exist in python code .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  return   test
truth:  null   const

test:  check stratifiedvalidationkfold within a job .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  resample   dict
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculate the log of the standard normal task-ids .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  null   *
truth:  normalized   probabilities

test:  test if between a/d overlap .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  object   test
truth:  compute   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test on type of salt .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  convert the text by camelcase to a html by camelcase it is .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   encoding
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove a virtual machine .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert a config can be changed on config class .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  run a command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   send
truth:  run   a

test:  convert a bytearray into an integer .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  restart an foreign app .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  restart   restart

test:  update the given api api description .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return a tuple for two matrices .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  return   regression
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check that the summary of the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  add error message but continue .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  log   msg
truth:  error   error

test:  raises an exception if value is not a valid zipfile .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  value   value

test:  pass me an image frames in bgr format .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  format   converts
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  highest site has inv .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the old note of the construction for the given device .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  evaluate   use
truth:  pushing   a

test:  decorator that accepts the named html .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  email   null
truth:  render   javascript

test:  access to the pokemon size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  instantiate   current
truth:  to   access

test:  updates a background dict .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  update   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  accepts f == 1 .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   try

test:  test that the _repr_pretty_ method is ignored and that the right answer is out of the repeatable .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  finds a service element .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  take   a

test:  logs a message with the name and the chosen time .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  validate and return the format of type for option .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  builds a relative url for the entrypoint name .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  builds   build
truth:  build   build

test:  just like djangos test .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   principal

test:  execute a rendering callable callable against the given template callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return an audio loop that is used to compress correctly .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  loops   loops

test:  get password for password .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  get   insert
truth:  return   a

test:  get new item .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  null   create
truth:  allows   null

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   template
truth:  return   return

test:  unsubscribe a given request .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  null   null

test:  calculates the scoreatpercentile of the passed array of list of 'fraction' .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  estimate   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  get all visible namespaces for the specified resource .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   null

test:  test make_imbalance .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  builds a message .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   plaintext

test:  ensure that the task instance of validation errors are no validation .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  assert   function
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  fixture that mocks the fixture into a dict .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  function   function

test:  simple wrapper around lxmls .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator for marking a test method asynchronously .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  tag   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parse the process statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  try   a
truth:  string   string

test:  given an :class: .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   a

test:  replace all spaces with a single space .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings containing the files as a list of strings across all
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurs   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  initialize the module handler for the given resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  remove all keys from a specific number cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new dictionary with all tuples of the given dict .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   use
truth:  return   a

test:  send event callbacks to the console .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  results   os
truth:  send   a

test:  test that we can label their folder when they have a folder trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the status for a service via systemd .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  import a module .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  run   a
truth:  imports   a

test:  intialize the module .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  intialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute the categorical crossentropy from distances .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  compute   error
truth:  return   return

test:  view function for getting a 304 from a provided dispatch .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  lists   stores
truth:  to   try

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   null
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  select a *k* range from the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  display the unpause dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  creates a list of crash from the crash given its referenced images .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  given   null

test:  copy_query_dict -> a querydict with the attributes set .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  mocks   null
truth:  null   null

test:  process a notification notification request .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  process   process

test:  load a model by name .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  calculate   load
truth:  null   null

test:  takes in the command_map html and returns the stored html .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  verify   service
truth:  build   scipy

test:  check for parallels configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  read in the last request .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  get   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  create a sets for the current default window .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test vcs with a vcs configuration that has a relative path .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  null   mac
truth:  null   null

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns incoming shape of the sort auto if it exists .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  get   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to import and return json object as json .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  import   a

test:  set parameters in the api .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   request
truth:  module   module

test:  build a profile configuration for ini .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  build   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detects whether source is likely to be eval() .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  test for nastiness-removal in the transfields stream .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  code   a
truth:  test   html

test:  turns a console keys into a dictionary .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  translate   request
truth:  coerces   a

test:  demonstrates the calendarexample application .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  null   patch
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypts a string .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the socket file to be used for the application .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  mark   a

test:  wraps a string .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  if   project
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a commit message for the suggestion .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  call   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes the degree and returns a number of pops objects and number of pops example: .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  read a binary record .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  parses   a

test:  given a list of recently objects .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test nvidia driver for nvidia .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  set up possible users files and the expected users .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  look   home
truth:  computes   null

test:  read an xml schema file .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   a

test:  blockdevice a dataset_id from a dataset_id .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return str with all possible groups in the given string .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   groups

test:  verifies that the named database is absent name the name of the database to remove user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the current title to use for the title .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a key .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  delete a job by id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get a volume .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  move the input .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   null
truth:  move   back

test:  replaces union of a string with its utf-8 counterpart .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  replaces   encode
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get keyboard from a redis .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  this decorator decorates a method and return its api .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  start the external shell .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  tests   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  is the list of files in the two directories .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  list   changes
truth:  return   a

test:  start the application mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   run
truth:  start   start

test:  updates a cache slug in the table .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  wait for status until it is given .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  note   note

test:  create a student to create given dataset .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  null   django
truth:  function   function

test:  clean the ccx of the block .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  cleans   build
truth:  converts   converts

test:  given a list of headers .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  split   tables
truth:  given   a

test:  expands permissions and return original tabs .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve an image mapping from the $() device .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  block   block

test:  return the text of an object .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the libcloud groups from the image .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  take   file
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate a random string with alpha and length chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  decorator to skip test if onlyif is not in commands .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  if   install
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get the partition size for a specific partition .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  parse   adjust
truth:  validates   validates

test:  helper function for :func:sqf .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  navigates to a bug .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  creating   a
truth:  display   display

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  pass code that calling code to a integer .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  take   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a commit containing the analysis for a repository .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   commit
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a specific volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  parse the imap and return a 2-tuple of .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  null   domain
truth:  null   routine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  return all functions of functions that appear in iterable expr .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  replace   works
truth:  find   find

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  install a cabal package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  null   null

test:  reads the header for the linux identified by the tightly tightly .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  null   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  acquire the settings that should be an randomized to avoid use of a symbols; .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   method

test:  do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   replace
truth:  do   null

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  get all receivers from global tables this gets all dereferenced receivers from within the given sender .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  this function is still needed for "dirty" the dimensions of a and weights are the first dimension .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  attempts to parser an audio file which has the same key as the audio .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the grains from the cached location .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get point by point .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   source
truth:  get   get

test:  manage the servers we get the smtp log format .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  requests   log
truth:  manage   null

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  just send to hibernate .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  null   windows

test:  private function provide the mutual and a random discrete features .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return line numbers for all line numbers .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  deletes a vm vm .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  stop   a

test:  the samples in a source distribution .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  order   a
truth:  null   a

test:  length-byte random data from a random string .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  generate   assert
truth:  stream   stream

test:  read a file .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  given   reading
truth:  reads   null

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if g g is a groebner basis .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json "changes" value to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check that value is arbitrary arbitrary arbitrary unit .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  test rotated overlay classes for assigning processing .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  end   null
truth:  test   image

test:  list currently installed zones :return: a list of calendar :rtype: string cli example: .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  display   display
truth:  displays   a

test:  creates a package and returns a package .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  decode a single header line as quoted-printable .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  code   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  validates all validator of all validator functions pass into their validator .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   validation

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  context   return
truth:  return   return

test:  handle printing of exit .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  warn   view
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns a list of exploration ids that the given exploration is configured by that the given exploration .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   emails
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders a placeholder window with the given template and return the "content-type" .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  render   a

test:  adds or updates the specified policy document for the specified key .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  converts an iterator over a csv of files within a csv .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  performs a metric on the local machine .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  clean   display
truth:  display   display

test:  find the avatars of sound .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  run   display
truth:  if   check

test:  convert hyperbolic positions to osbornei .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  replace   f(x)**-i
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get packed geometry output by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   geometry

test:  writes a file to a temporary file path .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return the services service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return configuration .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  install application-specific bufr image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of ^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return the nodes of the list in chunks of requested chunks .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  get   add
truth:  sort   sort

test:  escape markdown characters in markdown .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  text   escape
truth:  function   function

test:  load and return the dataset dataset .
truth: load the data . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  decorator for adding a decorator to command line .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the beacon type .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  null   null

test:  query help dict of page links for page and reactor .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write translation translations to a file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  back-end method to add a person entity to a role .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  format   format
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a test is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  drawing   drawing

test:  compute tfr predictions from one file .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  function   function

test:  get the source line from a header .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  get   source
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  guess the given path of a file .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   attempts
truth:  guess   guess

test:  returns the team state .
truth: given a request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  save a file to json .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a log entry to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a dictionary of the elements found in the dictionary .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  known   find

test:  create a module and all python modules .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a list of asynchronous tags into a javascript template string .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   return
truth:  running   running

test:  generate random events for localized output .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a mod path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  utc   type
truth:  given   a

test:  check for missing bounds .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  task to convert all python source space to the database .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  extracts the content from the documentation file .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  given   function
truth:  extracts   null

test:  decorator to provide a known argument or a session .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  call   dispatcher
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load an rsa private key and return it as a dataset .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   rsa

test:  return formatted date in yyyy/mm/dd .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  given   a
truth:  format   date

test:  collects and return html of the command .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  downloads   link
truth:  function   function

test:  put a notification add-on and order based on the wsgi notification .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  determine   get
truth:  null   method

test:  password reset form .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  view   view

test:  translate a locale by passwords .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  translates   null

test:  set a color of data .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  color   a
truth:  color   names

test:  freeze a clip .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  freeze   null
truth:  null   one

test:  convert a long int to the number of characters .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a new modulestore instance for the given modulestore .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  applies one of the oracle to the oracle .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  check if a named service is installed cli example: .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return all rows in a cursor as a dict .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to run a worker worker .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  test   manager
truth:  embedded   start

test:  returns the sequence of sequence elements in the sequence .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  null   correct
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print traceback traceback up to limit stack trace entries from limit .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  print   up

test:  get points at which corner level .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  if   a
truth:  is   null

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  filter items of bootstrap from data .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  render   sample
truth:  samples   samples

test:  return a service that will be used internally to cache entries for a service .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  return   match
truth:  am   am

test:  the restful handler for staff reruns .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  dispatch   user
truth:  view   view

test:  execute a command on the output .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  handles   tests
truth:  executes   a

test:  a simple passing functions for attribute .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  tests   signals
truth:  test   test

test:  returns all xblocks accessible in the course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller for budget_allocation @status: experimental .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  divide all coefficients by lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  computes   gcd
truth:  raise   f

test:  resets the login session on a user .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  handle   view
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compare all optimizers and a grid of all the unique optimizers .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  determine the version of the glibc shell .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specialized copy function that will work on a list of tuples .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  like send_catch_log .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  point   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  get the driver type for the given provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if user has access to this course .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  elliptic digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  null   digital
truth:  null   type

test:  returns the nth moment of a random expression about the given value .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get key rotation for specified key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   status

test:  set up an image etag .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  null   requests
truth:  function   function

test:  under the values and summaries are like values and instances .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   multiple
truth:  merge   merge

test:  sends a console login to the user account and creator it .
truth: login to router . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  to   login

test:  cast the argument to a string .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  change   change

test:  simple case of uploading one partition .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  null   test
truth:  try   a

test:  build a list of colorize .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  config   validate
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  null   signals
truth:  create   create

test:  get the latest configuration directory for the named file .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new event transaction .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  run the command and write the default parameters to the command .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  makes   start
truth:  parses   parses

test:  find a configuration in the given prefix .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  decorator for marking context .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  validate that keyboardinterrupts is valid .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  null   dbinstance

test:  display graph graphdef .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  run   a
truth:  display   a

test:  given a list of article objects .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if two rows of y .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  check   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  check   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure parameters passed to the key parameter .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  default   a
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  makes a text for a slash .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  use   a
truth:  split   split

test:  computes the squared backprop reader .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  listen   credentials
truth:  null   a

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  send a note that the logging log has been set .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  used   null

test:  determine if the inset is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  set a unique properties object .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check the system port on the local machine .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  return   return

test:  codereturn a string .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the given directory formatted as a string .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  return   type
truth:  file   file

test:  factory to create a box weak .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return relevant devices .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  ping   set
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user to ban .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  adds   user
truth:  ban   a

test:  reads dataset from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  databook   returns
truth:  databook   returns

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  update   update
truth:  compute   h

test:  setup python index file .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  setup   info
truth:  build   page

test:  remove spurious records from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns ip address contained in the request .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get the registered position of a variable .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  use   position
truth:  returns   a

test:  implementation of _thread .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  changes   django

test:  turn a rule into an expression .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the use of the hypersearch winning .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  new form form .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if the line can be parsed into the integer .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the image model class .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  returns   order
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if uuid can be handled according to the closure closure .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   task

test:  get float from radians .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   get

test:  return the value with old key .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   helper

test:  accept the current line of the current line .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  inserts   move
truth:  null   numeric

test:  returns the type of the address that was currently being used .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the start and follows: time to the given vm with a new instance being created .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  poll   a
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  given the passed in the given constructor and the implementing ref .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  specified   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  join a set of arguments for a given leaf .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  returns   counts
truth:  apply   functions

test:  read a table with inconstent data in the wrong marker .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  reading   check
truth:  test   failure

test:  convert a predicate to a standardized number .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  null   n
truth:  count   count

test:  read raw data as ctf .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  read   comment
truth:  object   object

test:  test x .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone on a master and play on slave .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if a given type is a consistent type .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the value of the 7 lower bits .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator to run a function in a reactor file and run the reactor .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  if   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  feature [b] extraction by replacing each variable bound to the new variable .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  clear any parsing errors .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  goes   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  returns true if the given string is a valid ip space .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  given a primer .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  given   use
truth:  perform   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  returns the path to the config file for atom .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  given   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set/get the ylimits of a limiting along the current axis .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  call   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a bookmark object .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  set the title of the current thread .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  register   suspend
truth:  null   dummy

test:  return true if the given class is a nose class .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a generator of all possible configurations of a given file .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  yields   check
truth:  null   strings

test:  create a master copy of master to master master master params which the master is read with the enclosed enclosed if the master does not exist .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   helper
truth:  copy   copy

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fixture to get the pootle language .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  require   names
truth:  null   language

test:  create a new qualified qualified targets from targets .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  create   signal
truth:  null   null

test:  project management page .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  index   null
truth:  null   events

test:  upload a flow from a file system .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get info about an available extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   info
truth:  get   info

test:  square-free square-free factorization of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to convert megacycles to seconds .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   redirects
truth:  function   function

test:  add a length to the given length .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  default literal block handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  default   node
truth:  default   literal

test:  generate all affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute polynomial degree of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   irreducibility
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse test suite .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  null   fix
truth:  build   build

test:  upload a file to s3 .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  returns the number of chunks in an iterable .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  returns   count
truth:  null   elements

test:  returns the spatial representation of the image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  guess   image
truth:  make   null

test:  parses a named character .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  takes a list and returns a dict .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  add an account dataverse account .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  token   add
truth:  verifies   new

test:  counts the number of iterable .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  null   count
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   fr

test:  verify the new password and update is valid .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  verify   password
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a attributes value .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  like   null
truth:  get   a

test:  class decorator to set the class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  clear   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  adds a single taps to the given path .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  adds   one

test:  raises an exception if name is not a valid name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  check   check

test:  modify final graph and return the final action .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  point   render
truth:  missing   null

test:  search the package as specified by the user cli example: .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  list   display
truth:  searches   searches

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents attribute modification .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   abs
truth:  apply   abs

test:  returns a string that prints to the given color .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  fill   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  build   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  check   a
truth:  to   check

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to a temp file .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  create   null
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  store descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  cleans   coordinator
truth:  update   update

test:  get the loops for the loops .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  remove list from the dictionary and art of illusion keys .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get a file at path parameters relative to find the file system returns the path to device .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  task time slot delete page .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  delete   time
truth:  time   time

test:  calculates the standard error of the mean of the values .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  calculate the distribution function for a vars .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the pairwise matrix of a gaussian kernels .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of interfaces about all interfaces on the system .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a list of links and extracts links .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  given   uninstall
truth:  return   a

test:  create a epic .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get a qt connection .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  check if the depenencies package is available .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  null   up
truth:  call   call

test:  set basic header .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  view   authentication
truth:  null   http

test:  renders a node as its json .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  parses   render
truth:  render   render

test:  returns a tuple of dictionaries that usable in the same way as the current .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get block device mapping associated with instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  object   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a string containing the form of a path .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  transforms   path

test:  return an attribute of the given attribute and dict .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  markdown mask to make the mask passed in which a filter result is set to the binary result .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  returns   mask
truth:  result   result

test:  delete an inventory generation that wasnt associated with the provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  existing   null
truth:  delete   up

test:  returns true if any of the config was changed in the current context .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  returned   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load the china data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  sort ip cli example: .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   details
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  the form of a form form .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  null   a

test:  register a new routes for the given system .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  context manager that temporarily disable validation .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  send the pkill command with the given name and signal .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  send   a
truth:  processes   processes

test:  provides the issue for a comment .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   return
truth:  renders   null

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  null   maximum
truth:  mean   mean

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  get the integer after the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  skills controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   controller

test:  this function returns a list of all plugins instances .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute packets for help methods .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  compute   minimum
truth:  round   round

test:  verify that an attribute is present and has a non-default value .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorator to run methods in order to load dynamic only .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   bevel
truth:  get   bevel

test:  returns the language code for the given name .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  code   code

test:  string-template format a string .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  robust provides a context manager that changes the statement to a new color using the operation .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  evaluate   blocks
truth:  control   control

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and function mapping id .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  if   null
truth:  given   null

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  close   a
truth:  close   a

test:  gets the version string for system .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  parse   btrfs
truth:  take   pacman

test:  compute the spectral bound for redirection .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  compute   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to match the partition partition .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  match   create
truth:  matches   device

test:  test of pretty prefix .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  test   test
truth:  context   context

test:  downloads a file .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  specified   change
truth:  files   files

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a json epics as json column to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  modify parameters that are changed in the group .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  modify   dict
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the range of scale censure keypoints is set .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  apply   test
truth:  null   difference

test:  change the arbitrary source .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  fix   find
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieves the vdi that are attached to the vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  load an dynamic module by name .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  make sure that standby the windows will sleep for standby .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   windows

test:  multiply a gcode linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  analyze   a
truth:  to   null

test:  expected inclusion_tag_current_app __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  expected   null

test:  check that the libcloud components of array weights are valid .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  computes   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  check if an metadata depth is "none" with a depth of the given group .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the state of a given instance .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  look   up

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  save   null
truth:  load   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   services
truth:  list   services

test:  returns whether a given user has access to the current user .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  if   user
truth:  if   check

test:  add mathjax script to the mathjax script .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  callback   content
truth:  adds   mathjax

test:  remove content that it is used to create the modules .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  backup   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return true if the given clause is present .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  create the mkdir directory .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  create   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  loads common settings from non-none sets the client environment variables .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the gui channel in use .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  open the parent of the parent directory with the given action .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   collection
truth:  open   open

test:  n319 - use log instead of log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  stderr   -
truth:  -   -

test:  run the generic application .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  run   section
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parse the list of lines starting with the tablename and the ones .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns page from href .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   analytics
truth:  given   null

test:  only load if csf exists on the system .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  check for the common version of the system .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  given a folder name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   populate
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an personas reviewer reviewer .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  true if the two blocks in the block .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  set user name .
truth: set user name . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   user

test:  ensure that the parent directory exists .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  create   a

test:  raises errors when there is no queue parameters .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  check   a
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to get/create a permission code .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  the html statements should work in a list .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  getting   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the given properties on an consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  update   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a new theano latitude variable containing the given value .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  read a key from a string .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  check that the local agent is present in the this endpoint type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   agent
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test that a content of rfc content headers is not a case .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  create a reverse packed from the supplied string .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  lookup   a

test:  return the http cached object for the cached http header .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all registered vms on the provider .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests if the same interface is loaded .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a value to a tuple .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   f
truth:  convert   f

test:  return the path to the test file .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  return   testenvironment
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create ipsecpolicy routing information .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   reverse
truth:  create   ipsecpolicy

test:  plot the subplot plot of elements of a given list of 4 values .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  find   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  remove transcript from the store and copy it to the store .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  renames   null

test:  reads int .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  fixture   tuple
truth:  returns   integer

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  identities' add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to mark a function as side_effect .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  event: add another coroutine to the execution of the execution of the coroutine .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  calls   add
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a variable of a distributed file .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  write   function
truth:  unsets   a

test:  returns a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns supplied view view of rendered view .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  close a review request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  closes   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  returns the unicode text from the local node .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates the runner scenarios and pidlockfile filtered features .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the nodes in the graph .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   nodes
truth:  return   return

test:  list configuration files .
truth: create a role . 
test:  bench   a
truth:  create   a

test:  displays a follow request .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  allows   a

test:  show help help page .
truth: print help message . 
test:  change   hook
truth:  help   help

test:  statement : location equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   number

test:  loads all macros from a module .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  load   imports
truth:  load   load

test:  get a readable binding for this app-version binding cli example: .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  get   information
truth:  combine   null

test:  helper function to look up the value for /etc/cobbler/modules with a key in attribute using the specified key .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  find   method
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return network encoding .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  format the relative distance between src_image and target_image .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  measures   null

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  dimension   coil
truth:  feed   feed

test:  get flavor access list by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  gets the node that links to connect to the given node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  city request handling .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  get   code
truth:  code   code

test:  a decorator that skips a function with a given name .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  calls   add
truth:  null   null

test:  modifies that the view function is usable in the view .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  return   function
truth:  to   decorator

test:  evaluate the logistic function .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  value   works
truth:  compute   compute

test:  track the server .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  send   comments
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run the given index .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  null   runner
truth:  index   index

test:  decode a from minimum to hex .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  list all the users have access to the course .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   users

test:  take node names and produce its names .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  add   add
truth:  typing   null

test:  generate a random identifier .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  start coursetalk keys in the context .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  callback   show
truth:  set   params

test:  returns a form for a job .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  return   null
truth:  called   null

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   a

test:  explicitly initialized eq .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  callback   get
truth:  null   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace declaration_list statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator that return the first argument of fn in fn .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  null   null

test:  map dictionary keys to map in the form of 0 .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  call   a
truth:  return   a

test:  updates data in firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  do   get
truth:  read   read

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fix up up up up up up up up up up up of media files in media method .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  verbose   fix
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the value matching the pattern or text .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  make   a
truth:  find   element

test:  process the type passed into a known argument .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  encapsulates   null

test:  returns an aware or a timestamp value .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  tar a wrapped tar tree at a given store .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  populate set of unknown statuses for all unknown unless the first statuses is in a set of unknown .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  use   manager
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the average reciprocity .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to attach a list of tags to the given object .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  put   unpack
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  return a **all tag for the specified type with the given official .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns the migration for the given name .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of standard participant for the given participant .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  perform any road road of a polynomial on the polynomial of a polynomial .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  return   file
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  install setuptools and return its output .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  to   multi
truth:  install   install

test:  login using the cmd module .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  handle   section
truth:  expected   null

test:  compat for testing with previous @with_app decorator .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function for getting a argument to a list .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  ensure   null

test:  only work on systems which default to smf .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  confine   work
truth:  work   work

test:  check that the value is a valid string .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   =
truth:  implements   implements

test:  see downloads_series .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  filter   filter

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  update orderline configuration in the default values .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  update   value
truth:  help   help

test:  sorts common elements in a most recent order .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   items

test:  load current user from provider .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  null   user
truth:  return   return

test:  performs a string using the given partition .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  memoize a function given a policy .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  memoized   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  adds a function that thrown by the oauth handler to the label name .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  null   use
truth:  use   use

test:  very simple embedding of a notebook .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  return   html

test:  returns a list of messages that appear in the given list of messages .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sort   list
truth:  sort   sort

test:  find a file in a directory that currently located in a given directory .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  find   find
truth:  search   search

test:  used by certificate_statuses and set the quantity of selected packs .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  used   null
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   user
truth:  displays   null

test:  scale image in bottom .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  documents   scaling
truth:  scale   scale

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a virtualenv exists .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  destroy the vdis vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  destroys   null
truth:  to   null

test:  initialize the logging configuration file .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   images
truth:  logging   logging

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   null
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  run worksheet on the given workbook .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   worksheet
truth:  run   run

test:  register a new device type into the cas types .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  coordinates   element
truth:  start   a

test:  helper function that display the firewall stdout .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parse the graftpoints hash string into a dictionary of data and commit for each dictionary .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the machine to use for the given region .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  if   get
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load this module if openstack-service is installed on this minion .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  update routes for routes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  code   update
truth:  patch   patch

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   containers
truth:  restart   restart

test:  descriptors logs .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  load   page
truth:  null   handler

test:  convert a time in a datetime .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  convert   binary
truth:  converts   t

test:  return the printable code for the given string code .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  code   filter
truth:  convert   a

test:  yaml: rundeck enable rundeck during the build .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  accept   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  returns true if the identified attribute on an abstract class .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  does   utility
truth:  wraps   a

test:  execute a command against a subshell .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  execute   query
truth:  null   cmdline

test:  get the standard team of a team .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  replaces   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  format a number as a human-readable string .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  esummary returns a summary of entrez as a results handle .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return the current metric for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  get   null
truth:  change   change

test:  format the language-code modules as a string .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  does   null

test:  put the current request to an addrequest request cli example: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  complete   null

test:  generates the user id for the given user id .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  click click with a transform button .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  return   cssname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find all matches in nt brackets .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  calculates   append
truth:  search   search

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  builds   calls
truth:  check   check

test:  gets the traffic for the given campaign .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   traffic

test:  adds a quote to a specific database .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  given a value for an inner type .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  cleans up the homebrew table cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  signal   message
truth:  returns   returns

test:  main program .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  command   null
truth:  run   run

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test login/fakeviewfinder service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  enable jquery on the page .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  print   returns
truth:  enable   jquery

test:  step for suffixes .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  calculate the percentage of lines from a tabular table .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   titles
truth:  remove   names

test:  saves model information to a model .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  null   repositories
truth:  model   model

test:  deserialize a dictionary of json objects into a python object .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  paragraphs   a
truth:  parse   json

test:  create a new account .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  call   call

test:  build a national number of national datacenter; datacenter; .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  search   create
truth:  converts   number

test:  callback function for the date/time range ready to be changed .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  verify that a string is a valid block name argument .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  wed add a single identified by default .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  update addon download totals .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  update   update

test:  check list of issues given a list of issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  produce   checks
truth:  issues   issues

test:  test that shape of 2 .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   ticket

test:  add common sections to all the embedding notice .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  register   send
truth:  null   a

test:  clone a zone from a zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  install   a

test:  use microversion to select microversion in test cases .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  check   api
truth:  select   microversion

test:  parse the shape of a llvm penner penner .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  force   merge
truth:  parse   parse

test:  rescinds a entrance exam note that a entrance exam has been created as a particular entrance exam .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  send   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   path
truth:  search   search

test:  run the given model .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  run   a
truth:  assumes   null

test:  format a formatter formatter type .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  outputs an expires header for delta from now .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  output   converts
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  generates file-like of the relationship of the *x* .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  function   connection
truth:  null   basis

test:  returns a list of normal terms of f .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  get   argument
truth:  return   a

test:  list all objects available to a collection .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  if   a
truth:  list   list

test:  start watching a tweet tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  hide   hide

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  load   return
truth:  require   null

test:  instructs chocolatey to find chocolatey in a list of paths .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  return   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes a unifrac from a list of vertices .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  make   header
truth:  make   a

test:  write a string to a file .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  concatenate events and events into *x* .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  to   null
truth:  concatenate   event

test:  check that final value is a valid column .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the path with the threshold .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  configuration parameters options: : yield-fixture value of configuration specify the options that bootstrapping : true value .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  used   desktop
truth:  -   -

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  comb   a
truth:  temperature   a

test:  invert an array .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  indices   a
truth:  null   null

test:  shallow shallow copy with a new header set .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  to   a
truth:  make   null

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  append   group
truth:  appends   appends

test:  this function is called to load the extension of ipython .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  called   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the name of the backend .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serve the requests api .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  guess   prefix
truth:  called   null

test:  tests that the effect size between 0 and having a larger of 0 .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  testing   check
truth:  check   length

test:  finds the user id of the desired request .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  returns an encoder for a group field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  parses request data and a proper certificate data .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  to   parse
truth:  request   request

test:  setup the insteonlocal component .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  returns an average dependencies for the given distribution name .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  add   add

test:  dimitem : expr lt expr | expr | expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr lt expr | expr ne expr | expr gt expr |
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a string referring to a sequence of the form .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the token required for use in the requests request .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate whether or not a numpy array is a old array .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  null   get
truth:  missing   null

test:  only return if utf8 is unicode .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   in

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  (-1)*100 up ravel for a performance file .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   gradient
truth:  log   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  check   check

test:  chop the given image .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  reboot   string
truth:  chop   chop

test:  check that the policy passed into the policy wrapped by the wrapped debugger .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  check   policy

test:  check that the function/decorator is cleared properly .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  make   null

test:  loads a demo collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  break up the value of a cookie value .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  measures   null
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  return an image object populated with metadata for the given image id .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a dictionary to a key= .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  edit   aggregate
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  list key policies belonging to a key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  return compactionstats .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  get the class that is the repository and remove any repository attributes that is the repository .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   keys

test:  decorator that ensures that the given gating is enabled on the given course .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  initialize the metric for the start .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  find if the provided object has a new-style method .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   find

test:  open file thru html for ~names and returns the nearest one .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  null   null

test:  optimizes the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  repairs   null
truth:  repairs   null

test:  validate validate validate bti module .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  if   dependency
truth:  work   work

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a hex address in packed form into an integer .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  hex   hex

test:  generates a new command to the current date and returns a date .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  command   command

test:  parse the json --pretty=online output from json .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  extract   json

test:  simple wrapper to topologically .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  create   a

test:  removes a file .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a boolean indicating whether the network is the network .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   state

test:  return a list of lazy which have been related to edit .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to c3 with mros .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   mros
truth:  merges   mros

test:  overwrite a string with lines of text spaces .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  builds an books handler that just returns the corresponding string .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  build   converts
truth:  null   user

test:  returns list of month activity stats for matching changes .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a local servicepair for testing .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects if the specified agent is available on the system .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  take   null
truth:  if   null

test:  iterate over strides in contig .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  null   check
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  gauss-legendre quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display whether display is currently on or off :return: true if display is on .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  takes a url to the api url for a slug .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  builds   return
truth:  releases   releases

test:  empty empty function of a vector .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   strip
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create a clsid to a document_pb .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  copy a file into an absolute path .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  return whether the array of disabled is disabled .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  replaces duplicate keys with a value of the value .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  measures   a
truth:  push   element

test:  block the given fingerprint and write it to the acoustid .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  used   null
truth:  get   get

test:  safely merge a plan of an array of blocks that share share artifacts .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  plan   plan

test:  create an openstack role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find a list of file scripts that match a given host .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  find   find
truth:  searches   searches

test:  converts a dictionary of dicts into a tuple of positional and optionally create a new dictionary .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  marks the given html as json .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  call   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  we want to return the name of the service .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  concatenate   a

test:  generate a random graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  determine if a conditional user is allowed .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   wsgi

test:  returns a list of packages in the directory .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   root

test:  render an aggregate page .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  gets   link
truth:  link   link

test:  format data as a string .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return all available courses courses .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the exact of g and g in k[x] .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  return a sql using the specified hash and the passed hash .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  to   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  sleep without blocking the system .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  sleep   sleep
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  install a wx .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  docstring   method
truth:  install   install

test:  returns the attribute of the attributes attribute on the subtype .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string describing the unicode data .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  given   return
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a ^ b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a complete django django test suite for the provided application .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install the rest application .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   node
truth:  install   pyenv

test:  configure the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configure   up
truth:  configures   configures

test:  interpolate polynomial matching channels .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  wait   sys
truth:  null   null

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test existence of a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  test   existence

test:  tests that the clrtype attribute of an existing system attribute is not a rawturtle .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  register   options
truth:  null   implementation

test:  return a list of individual extensions for the given axis .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  interpolate for head pairs using a fitted iterator .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  label   attributes
truth:  apply   apply

test:  test case shouldnt be shown .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  check   result
truth:  null   ^

test:  apply a colormap to the colormap returns a colormap .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  find   image
truth:  return   return

test:  set the total queue with the given queue object .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  calculate   p
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  return a list of the elements of expr .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  null   msg
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  convert text into a dns rdata class value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  tries to identify an appropriate table for specified table .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   yaml
truth:  emit   yaml

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   group
truth:  destroy   null

test:  check if the python installation has a given name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  validate the correct and return the correct data for a given servicetype .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for policy bar .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  if   null

test:  an aware datetime .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper function that instantiates an http url string .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  display   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  news widget index page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  owned   activity
truth:  null   null

test:  install the latest configuration for a windows domain name .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   setuptools
truth:  install   a

test:  check to make sure the default conversion matches the input plot .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  this is the error function that raises a checking .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  function   error
truth:  error   error

test:  fill and fill samples in the master .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load a binary word .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  load   read
truth:  loads   null

test:  given an resource resource .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  selected   wrapper
truth:  extract   rest

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   null

test:  list all the test cases in a list of test classes .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  enables version of rabbitmq .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  like sparse .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  a scenario description should give the scenario line on a scenario .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   description

test:  converts a content string into an integer .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  find the app file .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  tests that initializing from a matrix doesnt have labels .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  test   test

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  fixture to return a template object .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  to   url

test:  remove all css class by css classes .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   string
truth:  remove   a

test:  helper function for defining unicode objects .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   merge
truth:  function   function

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  tests sparse and sparse .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  add the given host .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   hosts
truth:  host   host

test:  refresh the default configuration .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  null   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  take a list of whitespace and normalize the files in the file .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   null

test:  make a method/ event call and assign a method to an event method .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  add   request
truth:  enable   a

test:  takes list of fields and returns a dict of fields .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   in

test:  save original array to special elements .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  save   shortcut
truth:  saves   null

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for inserting a feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  list   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode the given pdf string .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   sets
truth:  decode   a

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  writes a gdb script to a file .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  debug   null
truth:  source   a

test:  add a tuple of with a prefix if there is an empty prefix .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  combine data from left with shape .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   inverse
truth:  left   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  fetches   email
truth:  gives   mute

test:  adds html page to the new component table .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  register   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  normalize an encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a new text for the big big window .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  allow links to be checked for load balancer by the doctest doctest tags .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  given   attempts
truth:  text   text

test:  add workers table .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   upgrades
truth:  add   race

test:  a view that renders the es down .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a set of sets of the items in iterable which are not alphanumeric .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the current time .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  import   command
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  memoize decorator .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  caches   caches

test:  compute bounding-box regression targets for an oversampled product of its axis .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  calculate   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   gpu

test:  wrap a test with a cookiecutter license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  null   in

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   console

test:  escape a unicode string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  helper to generate a single surface surface .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  calculate   primary

test:  returns a string that can be used for an integer .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests translator comments are stored on a file extension .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  make a generator class with an user within a user .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  run a suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  command   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  escape & .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  null   escape
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  create a user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare the replication and a replication role .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  pair   compare
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return an oxml string obtained from the given xml .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validator for the existence of the unix platform .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  to   validator
truth:  null   validator

test:  attaches the sentence to the sentence .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  if   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  converts data that derived between [0 and relative to default format .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  maps   numpy
truth:  maps   numpy

test:  configures an explicit audio output device .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   current
truth:  configures   configures

test:  stuff to generate a section access to the course .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  provide   data

test:  return the fprime score of a given ndarray .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  null   request
truth:  regularized   null

test:  expand the column list by class shifted by order .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  given   null

test:  process the datastore info file and return a python record .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   entities

test:  return the list of the current image .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  this is a helper function to create a treesegment tree in statements .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  create   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  update url .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  null   master
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the list of test names that contain the given test .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  return   return

test:  return details about the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  short   details
truth:  find   memory

test:  get the type of obj .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  verify that all the requirements are present in the config dictionary .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test serializing after adding an arbitrary sequence-consistency to that all platforms .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  test   a

test:  performs a string to the given database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  exists   exists

test:  returns the endpoint for a given endpoint .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a datetime object .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  calls   calls

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  & needs to be used as inspection .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  init   init

test:  asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return the relevant version of the named status .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  require   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a generator of for a mapping of rows of the specified mapping of each category .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  given   null

test:  html document visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  null   document
truth:  document   document

test:  set a random element within the given state .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a list of requests for the given user or none if user is currently for given user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  retrieve   context
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  make a padded .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  gets   converts
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new blockdevicevolume with the given dataset_id and size .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the l2 code between nodes and y .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  null   example
truth:  compute   compute

test:  run the admin data .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  null   lookup
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  error checking for routines that return a standard exception .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  set the temporary atom of the server .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  call   call

test:  convert a string containing a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if user is visible based on user .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  run the celery error error on a single thread .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  null   warning
truth:  null   task

test:  returns an absolute path containing a list of image urls this is a single space that is a list of image url relative to the unicode string .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  counts   filter
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the images in the given product .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a system time to the system .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  shows   blocks
truth:  convert   posix

test:  get the ordered loops from the loop .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  ordered   get

test:  execute a command and read it as a shell command .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  command   conda
truth:  run   conda

test:  password password page .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  password   password
truth:  password   password

test:  import the given python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  get current connection .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   object
truth:  return   return

test:  separate vector y with var(p) process .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  produce   linear

test:  fork a master and send master with it .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   null

test:  line containing line breaks before the current line .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if distribution is rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute the metric value of a pandas group .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  calculate   information
truth:  null   method

test:  convert pil .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the timeout is cleared and the timeout is emitted .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  display   update
truth:  make   null

test:  a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  disconnect   a
truth:  context   context

test:  returns a list of exploration objects that contain an exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the last time from the file .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reads   null

test:  replace playlists .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  is   null

test:  create the equity table for all holdings curve .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  a factory for determining a sq .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the member number of the selected group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  given   get
truth:  get   a

test:  read an ini multi-class file .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  read   lists
truth:  reads   null

test:  return a dict with information about all packages available for the postgres server and the actual tablespace the tablespace names .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  list   details
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  safely delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the *host* device .
truth: main function . 
test:  file   null
truth:  function   function

test:  strip leading and trailing whitespace between a single space .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  function   strip
truth:  removes   anything

test:  read a string from the given buffer .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  read   url
truth:  reads   null

test:  setup function for 2x2 timestamp .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  sample   coordinates
truth:  null   projection

test:  create a dict of name from various locally .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  return   split
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the precedence of the given object .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up & run a publisher from an set of file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  tests using pseudoprime variables .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  return a default deadline deadline for a credit with the given eligibility .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  return   populate
truth:  default   default

test:  view that redirects to static user .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  callback   view
truth:  view   view

test:  search for a task with the given values .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the config from a full configuration name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  undo logger by the logger .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  undoes   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  null   file
truth:  send   send

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  add pillars output to negatives and end .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  get the list of default object .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  add calls to the queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve all quotas associated with a given project or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  rounding confidence interval for max_elemwise{x jid .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  calculates   x
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yaml: critical publish critical block with critical names .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  register   null
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that a string is valid for the given app_label .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request headers .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the nth standardized moment of a random sequence .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  get   a
truth:  taken   example

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  resolve   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform registration on remote server .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  include   get
truth:  gets   registration

test:  returns a randomly generated key for a given time .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ignore elements that are iterable by a given value .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  regex   replace
truth:  if   null

test:  ensure schedule value is schedule or itemsize .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  renders   data
truth:  to   try

test:  cache all objects of a tree .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  list   list
truth:  cache   translation

test:  create new course identified by handling the status .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  given   view
truth:  create   a

test:  get the home directory path .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   redirect
truth:  return   user

test:  list public ip blocks for the specified network .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  downloads mnist locally .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   cifar10

test:  returns true if *obj* is a iterator .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  combine multiple definition_type to a directory .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  file   matching
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  get the temporary directory for the duration of a test runs .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a tree hash with the given fo .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all thing ids that have been set .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a window that can be used to create a window that is processor or a variety of a repository .
truth: return a window . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  numpy implementation of dense .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  performs   null

test:  decorator that causes the current atomic cursor to the current cursor .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  mark   decorator
truth:  set   set

test:  return a string representing the md5 file hash .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  load   return
truth:  return   a

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   d
truth:  command   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  linear 2eq order for the first kind .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  adjust   node
truth:  null   equations

test:  display the help commands .
truth: print this help . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   a

test:  load and return a res/templates storage object .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  get   storage
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the argument that has none .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  like   like

test:  returns the region of the users code that is the region allowed for a specific number .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  provide a list of names of the profile addresses .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote meta-characters as a string .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   a

test:  makes a traffic text for the given month .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  converts   pylint
truth:  return   a

test:  make the directory if it does not already exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  make   a

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  return a fixture that maps the passed keys to a parametrized function for load .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  get   list
truth:  list   list

test:  disable an atom cli example: .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  reindent   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieves the model object for the provided resource reference .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validate and multiple choices for a validator value .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list the currently installed versions as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to body .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete bokeh model object .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   object
truth:  delete   one

test:  return a driver function that can be a sequence of two float .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the geonode drainrestart is available .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  removes html or xml character references and entities from text .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers of fvwi consists of series of series of series .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  byte   byte
truth:  byte   byte

test:  configure the cluster to another cluster .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   handler
truth:  configure   configure

test:  formats a date according to the variable .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  sets the initial cookie cookie .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  null   handler

test:  get new xml element .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  builds the group counts for the user .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  send   list
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get the current time .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes a route route route .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  retrieve exercises that the user is completed for the user .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the modules that defines the wsgi application .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  extracts   categories
truth:  return   a

test:  return a decorator to identify a function .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  null   support
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  create a network security rule .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  cleanup   information
truth:  create   a

test:  compute property table groups for lags .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  guess   validation
truth:  sorted   null

test:  patches a function that returns a mock store that patches patches .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  patches   a

test:  get all admin view of the provided views .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the ppcc order of the unset unset .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  to   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns configuration .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   api

test:  converts all urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  replaces   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  makes a mesh .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return the configuration options for the specified locale .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  serves   content
truth:  output   parameter

test:  a function for populating a afm property by extracting information from a background background font .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  tests   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the fully qualified path for a path .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  takes a multi-line encoded string and returns the name .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  input   input

test:  init and load an elb .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  init   init

test:  tests datetimes are left intact intact .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  gets the inner objects of the inner object from the path to the managed service .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  provide all hwaddr interfaces .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  confirm   detach
truth:  provide   a

test:  a view decorator with the specified permission and optionally permission parameters .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get outline paths from prefix .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  see :meth: .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  formats   power
truth:  converts   a

test:  deletes a mapping definition .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   a

test:  set the fullscreen fullscreen .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  enable   enable

test:  reload the schema .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  null   process
truth:  routes   routes

test:  filter a movie from a folder name and folder name .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  use   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  calculate the expected variance of the mean of the periodogram for the periodogram .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  null   section
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  elementwise exponential linear operators .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  null   groups
truth:  divide   one

test:  performs pylama on the given network .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  merge   update
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a dict representation of the given partition .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  removes a file .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   attempt
truth:  remove   a

test:  parameterize a multivariate quadratic function .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  computes   request
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field field .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  checked   return
truth:  checked   create

test:  join -> string return a floating point number with only the corresponding character in the input string .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  string   string
truth:  lists   lists

test:  convert a string to encodable or encodable .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  encodes   obj
truth:  makes   null

test:  make a default help help help function .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  vertical scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  scharr   scharr

test:  match connection options in the connection .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  null   dhcp
truth:  finds   a

test:  kegg link - convert kegg identifiers to/from outside identifiers target_db - target database source_db_or_dbentries - target url .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  link   conv
truth:  link   link

test:  update a new back backend fileserver .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  find a function in a list .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a site server .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a function that can be used for a test_case to provide the internal spec .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   a

test:  verify that a string is a valid path to a directory .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  helper function for the autoscaler policy .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  set   update
truth:  update   update

test:  setup the sphinx extension .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  point   program
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test reading a table witn all the table entries .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  reading   reading

test:  image_name that the event manager is active when the output is executed .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   worker

test:  returns a list of url string containing the files for the client .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list keys in a user .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  return   list
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of available formats .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  a custom space .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the hash on a given relationship .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  logs out user .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  log   log

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   data

test:  a toy example of how many parts of the equivalents equivalents is a list of dicts: .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  -   snmp
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  whether a field names differ to a s_in colors .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  translates   lists
truth:  test   test

test:  create a class for the given obj .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  null   power
truth:  function   function

test:  returns & run all the images in the given model .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   utility

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  whether a worker is a worker thread and the worker is being created when the queue is executed .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  take   a
truth:  null   worker

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   a

test:  push a remote client to the current systems .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   push

test:  returns true if the forum has access to the course with a given username and course .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  get information about the actual file for a given file .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   os

test:  functional test specific to version 3 3 3 of the pypubsub pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  removes files supplied to the backup .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  backup   attempts
truth:  tars   null

test:  unpack a sequence of sequences to copy a sequence .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  unpack   sequence

test:  tests to ensure its easy to accept type wrapper as expected .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   tests

test:  function to execute this function try to download and find the files .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  return true if the url is a safe redirection .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a port group on the vlan system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  find the maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   a

test:  check the mac address in the [hdfs] set in environment .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  get   build
truth:  null   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all backups belonging to a topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get incoming rate by name .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  detect   load
truth:  incoming   get

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  parses the ancient function plugin plugin as a dictionary .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize users avatar for a user .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  tag   a
truth:  render   render

test:  try to match any errors .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  if   information
truth:  function   function

test:  return a new use from the same memory as col .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  load   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return version information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   cluster
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a eb to the users log .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  null   fallback

test:  attach a role points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   role

test:  fetches the status for a process instance .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  query   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given a list of np .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   factor

test:  add vertex element to an vertexes .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  make a single event containing multiple hosts .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  show   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test the compatibility between two root fields .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  turn a log level into the logging level .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  sets a le32 user .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  sets   alternate
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   formats
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get an instance profile .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns a list of length of national .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   length

test:  delete config and associated associated with one or more items .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  delete   one

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   path
truth:  initialize   null

test:  simple task wrapper for the provided document .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  builds   clone
truth:  cached   null

test:  solves bernoulli order order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   1st
truth:  solves   null

test:  parse a single rule format .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  get   a
truth:  put   put

test:  a utility function to create a dictionary of nodes in the target list .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  query   null
truth:  insert   insert

test:  validates the tunnel for use in redis and raises an exception if the config is not a valid tunnel .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove generated ips .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  delete   function
truth:  added   remove

test:  returns a quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  require this version to be used .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  require   null
truth:  git   git

test:  exception on a remote instance .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  null   self

test:  return the virt type of the current linux distribution .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if id is a valid id .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a datetime object to datetime .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  turn   a

test:  wrapper to set a tagged function for a given value .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  given   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  add a recent recent on the due date .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  given   key
truth:  add   add

test:  list all of the specified queues cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  list   call
truth:  return   a

test:  get the signature created by the provided data .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get the path to the root directory of the project .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  weblate   returns

test:  get geometry plugin geometry .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generator that returns a copy of a sequence generated from a sequence of combinations .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  like   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a base91-encoded .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns whether the current user has permission to do a given permission .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  decorator for rruleset methods which may be used to cache functions .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  null   decorator

test:  tries to find the common elements in a and b .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a fraction + b .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume an existing list of all packages .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  decodes   version
truth:  consume   entire

test:  idlist : expr lt expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr lt expr | expr ne expr .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   null

test:  language: pt-br snippets snippets snippets .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  null   features
truth:  testing   testing

test:  a view that returns the healthz request .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   health

test:  generate the unwrap for an obfuscated file .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  decorator that locks a function or method into a function that is not equal to the internal function .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  retrieve the sql file produced by the name .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  file   file

test:  return a byte-string version of data .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return tests in a directory .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  yield   generate
truth:  return   a

test:  replaces errors from given string value .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  null   switch
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a queryset of users products that a user is allowed to access .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  null   filters
truth:  restrict   null

test:  wraps an attribute with a given name .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  task to get cart redemption or cart redemption .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  return   view
truth:  null   method

test:  send a separated .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   step
truth:  send   a

test:  decorator to perform a layer @type several parameters .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  get   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a string of a conditional length .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  return   object
truth:  null   key

test:  parse snmp snmp parameters .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  null   padding
truth:  check   check

test:  test that structs works with a structs works .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  producing   checks

test:  decode a block of an eface .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  null   type
truth:  decode   type

test:  decorator to revert task_state on a task .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  to   alternative
truth:  null   decorator

test:  docstring for numpy .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   chocolatey
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  take a polynomial over a vector obtained by the express argument .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  construct   lagrange

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   quotas

test:  print the first formats for values .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   exception
truth:  print   print

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  create and return the db object .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  load all exception data .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  return the size of a matrix .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  if   return
truth:  extend   window

test:  get the loops starting with the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists and is valid .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  claim a worker .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  prints an episode of this script .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  text   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  python 2 and python 3 compatible text file .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  run   a
truth:  build   a

test:  just run a pacman -sy and updates the latest database cli example: .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  updates   pkg
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scenarios have hashes comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  solved   scenarios
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  change control index page .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split the path into two theano .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   a

test:  takes a timestamp .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  calls given logs .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  display   attempt
truth:  make   strings

test:  project an existing request change .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  return   function
truth:  request   request

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  run a remote tests in a subprocess .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  if   start
truth:  run   run

test:  manage the specified users user .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  rewrite   returns
truth:  rewrites   null

test:  restful crud controller for option lookups .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  tests revision gets the latest translation revision .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   revision

test:  reads the cached file .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  main function for the sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  restore a dictionary with the differences and globs parameters .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  null   a

test:  three should work with a few args .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  null   test
truth:  run   unittest

test:  encode a py_buffer-providing entry into a list of objects .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  generate a theme based on the given header .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  newline : newline | newline .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for whitelisting senders .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the distribution object for a distribution .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  generate   edit
truth:  get   get

test:  copy data from one storage to another .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   dictionaries
truth:  copy   structure

test:  returns a binary digest of the pbkdf2 hash algorithm .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  like   like

test:  build function to return the list of skipexception objects .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  evaluate   function
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  run a batch of sequences .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   entry
truth:  reject   reject

test:  parses iso 8601 format string into a datetime object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return a candidate "cat string which would be used with a prompt prompt that authenticate with a xor .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  squeeze an axes by axes along the specified shape .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  return   shape

test:  remove all the document and dumps it to the document .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  remove   read
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute the linear kernel kernel for x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start a machine and read it this will be used by py2exe .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  create   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  compute kkt optimality .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  predict the executable passed into the current device .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  consume   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  run our connections interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  null   type
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  compute difference of addrdicts wrt begin .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute the rayleigh range of the standard deviation .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  validates markdown fields of markdown fields .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  text   text

test:  replace windows only .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  header   function
truth:  resets   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  check if a given function f is monotonic .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  the inverse of a list .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  attribute   null
truth:  block   block

test:  return an iterator over all instance_disk_info .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  check that activations just a sanity distance behaves 0 .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  check   check

test:  calculate the cumulative product of a given axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  test   null
truth:  return   x

test:  loop to end the next tag .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  ends   schedule
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  updates the supplied url for a list of image urls .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  perform the mqtt binary sensor .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  find   find
truth:  perform   null

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  check a cpp .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  fetches   check
truth:  test   precision

test:  get the default column value for a given column .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve available roles .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  gets   dict
truth:  get   roles

test:  get flipped paths .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten the root into a root of the root into a dictionary with the keys starting with the the prefix .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the data passed as a string .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  resolve   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  returns a draft instance based on current draft view .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  default   a
truth:  displays   a

test:  add a time to the triggertype and gets the resulting time .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  time   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the result of the memcache script .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  cached   null

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert user name to the uid .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  convert   user

test:  wraps an url in a url .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  null   url
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  async information about the xkcd |resources| .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  load python struct file from python 3 way .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   data

test:  encode data in minimum data as data using delegate .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  load the version from a cython file .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  stack   stack

test:  try to guess the native name of the os .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  given   tuple
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restore a previously added config item to a uri .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restores   restore
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creates a directory at it with the given list of paths .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  makes   buildbot
truth:  make   worker

test:  add the arguments for a given key .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  substitute   a

test:  evaluate the meeting subject .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  docstring   strings
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  parses the course id and returns a tuple .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  function   function

test:  runs the script usage in the scripts .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  point   gcd
truth:  test   test

test:  import a unicode library library name .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  load   a

test:  if orderable=false .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  null   linkcolumn

test:  convert a connected code to a file .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  code   code

test:  load a file and return its entity .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   seed

test:  retrieve all partitions by name .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  retrieve   disk
truth:  array   array

test:  this function makes the size for a given policy .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  func   fixes
truth:  fix   size

test:  bgzf data generator of float data from the autoencoder of length data .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  produce   data
truth:  null   level

test:  convert value like hex to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  resolves the name of the file containing the file at the given path .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  gets   a

test:  creates a new feed items for a given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  initiator returner .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  cleans up the given directory .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  return   null
truth:  flatten   a

test:  joins path .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  return   http
truth:  get   get

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target ignoring nodes in the containers .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  restart the given feature and pass its attributes to the given feature .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  disconnect a bit image from an image .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove packages using pkg_delete(1) name the name of the package to delete .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   packages
truth:  remove   a

test:  include a file in the passed in the template concerning the file .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  use   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  test if an url is a repo url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  test   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  item add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  process the arguments passed as the default argument .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  return   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  render a string .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  stack   paragraphs
truth:  print   print

test:  request container information directly from the container server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  request   container

test:  trims a dictionary with the given lens .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  generate a supplied supplied parameter takes a list of supplied accepted arguments .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  add atomic group to the tag group .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   atomic

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  disables   sys
truth:  enables   learning

test:  check for matplotlib objects .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  test   virtual
truth:  output   output

test:  features should run scenarios with scenarios .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  features   features
truth:  applied   tags

test:  flood and receive packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   packets

test:  apply a rule down a rule on the top nodes first it on the top level .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  make a function that accepts the given command and returns a string .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  calls   prefix
truth:  command   command

test:  generate a random item .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a string representing the given host name .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   try

test:  power power down the virtual machine .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  map   power
truth:  set   set

test:  adds an existing config_modified to an existing user .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   add
truth:  update   update

test:  retrieve a comment .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the path to the built-in webpack .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  determine   helper
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return the usage of a text .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  show   a
truth:  print   a

test:  returns a random attribute .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  run a command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  command   command

test:  convert config file from json .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  null   configuration
truth:  takes   null

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  carves up a mime_type and returns a dictionary of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  display the returner modules .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  return   display
truth:  print   print

test:  return the raw environment variable .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  discard   null

test:  generate the fully qualified name .
truth: remove " . 
test:  name   returns
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check to see if a stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  define format format for print format information in print format .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  return information about the linux distribution cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify a public signature .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   load
truth:  verify   null

test:  prepare interactive command line for interactive targets .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  open   open

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function takes a regexp and returns the equivalent string and returns the equivalent pprint .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the currently active connection or the current stack .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a version header for a version header with custom bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  get string to parsefile .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  split a packet into two lines of desired substrings .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a json map .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  string   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper function to specify a file descriptor object .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  null   directory
truth:  modified   sync

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  null   null
truth:  moving   null

test:  add a quantity to the grouping of a basket .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  adding   handle

test:  raise an exception if url is invalid .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  open   check
truth:  if   check

test:  function to attach a multiline file .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  collects   profiler
truth:  extract   documentation

test:  decode a amqp file .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  creates   decode

test:  converts unicode strings into utf-8 encoded words .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  string   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return the radius of the graph g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  return   return

test:  update the new ccxcon ccxcon .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  update   execution
truth:  pass   pass

test:  return the value of a mysql connection .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   connection

test:  get the cpu cpu time of the last iteration .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to guess how to use a class .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  be   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  returns composite values of a set of n values .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  create   create

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_one_param
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculates a multidimensional rank filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes a port for installing if it receives or not .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  deletes   launch
truth:  creates   null

test:  sets request data on request or session data .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  configures   sets
truth:  requests   requests

test:  generates the quantum id for the passed family .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a view function as exempt from csrf protection protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  remove invalid characters .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   replace
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a descriptor for a musicbrainzngs .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given the user and a simple http request .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  removes unicode encoding from the given file .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  remove   plot
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generate a secret key and generate it .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return whether a path has been empty .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a progress job into a tuple .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  text   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers declaration_specifiers semi .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  null   declaration_specifiers
truth:  null   declaration_specifiers

test:  close the serial port for snap reprap requests .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  simple sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  encoded utf-8 .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  utf-8   utf8
truth:  decode   decode

test:  return info about invalid status cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get all block with the provided list of block devices .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  gets   fetch
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format a difference between 0 and a string .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  if   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  called when the sigterm is complete and implementing .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  exit   null
truth:  null   a

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  thread   thread
truth:  thread   thread

test:  send a service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  null   service
truth:  null   service

test:  determines if a modules should be installed by a module .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  return   load
truth:  provides   null

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  set that the random states can be used .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  toggle   target
truth:  fixed   sets

test:  decorate a function if necessary .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  get   read
truth:  read   read

test:  remove elements of a list of strings .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the tops modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this is a proxy function for copy_reg status of a replace way .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   render

test:  check if a repo is a repository .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  write   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tokenid : token | left | right | nonassoc | expr gt | left | code | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  invert an image passing a lut image .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  temporarily get a context value from python 2 .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  context   context
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory that returns true if the addon has been set .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  if   wrapper
truth:  call   call

test:  run a view function after the given event loop .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  func   a
truth:  run   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  create and create the github extension extension .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  listen   update
truth:  wrapped   up

test:  return a list of power types which can be used to access a list of power objects .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update a cli options that can access a cli user .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  demonstrates   request
truth:  null   cli

test:  convert the sympy sign sign to a scalar .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  given   event
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check if we have a working directory .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  check   check

test:  test mne analyze module .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  passing   lists
truth:  test   test

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  list all interfaces interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  package   string
truth:  gives   a

test:  return the enter for a descriptor .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  evaluate   one
truth:  execute   a

test:  will return a list of his settings for a particular course .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  simple calendar given latent or nick .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  time   time

test:  returns a tuple that x: the given colors .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  splits   a

test:  returns whether a grayscale transform is a same direction .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to amazon route 53 :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  return dot product of a linear regression by x parameters x : writeme or right .
truth: compute dot . 
test:  return   i
truth:  compute   dot

test:  redirects to the server page .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  to   redirect

test:  saves the specified library to the default library .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  return   info

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  setuptools   setuptools
truth:  distribute   distribute

test:  calculate the log of roulette .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  clears   map
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  use this decorator to generate a test to define an event on the given timeout .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  null   test
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  an instance of absolute class .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a template string into a @no_type_check object .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert a datetime value into an integer .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  list sinks .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a python date in matroskas format to a datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  is this a backwards compatibility function .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   return
truth:  is   null

test:  test a bug that arose from bug .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  clear the search index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a request object .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return true if the given ref is a key .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sort   key

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  if   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  gets the line up of this window .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  use   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a random string of alphanumeric characters .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  removes attributes from the internal property .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  allow   test
truth:  pass   pass

test:  updates a checker object as a checker .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  return   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  downsample by a image .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  calculate   try
truth:  null   null

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning and we add a scalar .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if *obj* is a collection .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   tests

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  init   module
truth:  initialize   strategy

test:  setup the sony gpmdp .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator to define a decorator for each method in a method that is called in a method .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  null   provider

test:  the same way to be the nonce .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  listen   create
truth:  contract   a

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   a

test:  load out what items are documented in source/* .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  gets   find
truth:  find   find

test:  aux function to use on fake epoch .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  time   validations
truth:  equalize   null

test:  != path for missing files with which saml is longer used for file_paths a container .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  dictionary   version
truth:  return   a

test:  get the precedence of the precedence class .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  null   objects
truth:  get   get

test:  locate an absolute path to a resource .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  get   file
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a array object to a native array .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  only load if python-memcached is installed .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  function   load
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  run the csrf off off and turn it into the csrf request .
truth: given a request . 
test:  use   requests
truth:  given   a

test:  update the existing aws update .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  makes   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return all items in baselist .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  matching   matching

test:  validates the corresponding mode args: enrollment_mode : the course mode to validate enrollment enrollment .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   checks

test:  return a string containing an items of a template value .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   n

test:  setup the last 1/4 sensor .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator that skips the given test if the given function is run .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  write a line to a file .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  write   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  execute given file .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  log   log

test:  returns location of the discrete discrete element or a number .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  compute   information
truth:  int   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries generate an array generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of boundaries along an axis .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the base image of the image in properties .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   optional

test:  this function returns a rendered registry object to send to the renderer renderer_name .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  using   a
truth:  using   null

test:  returns true if the sequence has a same memory .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks to see if the site is installed .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  null   current
truth:  if   checks

test:  load this state if the psql module is linux .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  makes   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  get a description of a sysctl based on a sysctl query .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  expects   a

test:  clip_count= a clsid .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set evacuate facts if not already present in facts dict args: drain : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the generated option or later if they were
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  set   signals
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for all the drivers .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidates   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  escape   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  transfer the closest remaining remaining remaining surrounding loop .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  transfer   matching
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  a wrapper for the class that supports the classes of the wrapped class and methods .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  null   adjust
truth:  null   version

test:  extracts issues logs from a list of issues .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  given   null
truth:  extract   references

test:  copy states to yaml .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  export   lookup
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests translation plural targets are not deleted on error .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   plural

test:  check to see if the token encode a video text file or a access line .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  launch   input
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  opens   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   custom
truth:  run   custom

test:  send and receive packets at layer 2 nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  dummy implementation of empty examples .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  is   null

test:  evaluate the inception dataset .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   works
truth:  model   model

test:  compute the sets of nodes passing a color graph .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   bipartite

test:  compressed compressed protocol for the first few end_group .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  function   test
truth:  translate   translate

test:  ensure a specific profile is valid .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   state

test:  collect all osf statistics .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate test cases .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  code   django
truth:  run   run

test:  start start and color properties .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the node is a decorator for a function .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  download a s3 file from s3 .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  downloads   add
truth:  download   download

test:  sanitize filename .
truth: utility function . 
test:  remove   filename
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a matplotlib converted to a string .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  takes a timedelta and returns the total number of seconds represented by the object .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  null   null

test:  normalize the string for an expression .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  applies   predicate
truth:  manipulate   parts

test:  return a list of gradients for either a numpy type or url-safe font .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  null   bound
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the full pkgdb modules .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  runs the given test as to-be-unpacked modulereturn .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  a decorator to make a typeerror fail if it is false .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete an tags from the volume cache .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  performs an access authentication access token .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  authenticate   null

test:  return the current time in use .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  null   guess
truth:  time   time

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  override   override
truth:  construct   null

test:  computes the squared error .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure databases wrapped by compatible defaults are **example**: .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  receives   test
truth:  if   encryption

test:  converts binary representation to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   ipv6
truth:  converts   binary

test:  collects a template from the given master path .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  retrieves   load
truth:  render   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  check that the value is present in the configuration .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get point plus a path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a signature scheme object pkcs115_sigscheme that can be signature or verify pkcs#1 pss signature .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   linking
truth:  linking   linking

test:  adds some serialize .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  return   try
truth:  read   read

test:  read the next cfg of the file .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   a

test:  given a row of continuous matrices .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   pull
truth:  given   a

test:  replaces characters with a single space character .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  string   string

test:  detects image in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   reading
truth:  detects   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns the ask of the ask or none if no ask falls .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  set   null
truth:  asks   null

test:  generates public and private keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generate   rsa
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the current task instance .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  gets   stub
truth:  executing   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  stream random data as bytearray .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   n

test:  call the service with the given service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   call

test:  display the profile dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return true if action is a choice .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  ensure   return
truth:  null   action

test:  count number of trees in a clades .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  count   count

test:  is test for d1 .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  replace   obj
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  test invalid usage of invalid exception .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  run   null
truth:  test   test

test:  delete an index template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  determine if levels is an index containing a tuple .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  assumes the given applied code is allowed in the qutebrowser environment .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   method

test:  strips a string of ints from a list of words .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  tests   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   carving
truth:  get   a

test:  check that the system is installed and can run only create the given path .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  no changes to the image members from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   returns
truth:  creating   null

test:  returns default contact if no current default user has been set .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   personcontact

test:  format the sequences list so we move to the harmonic lowercase .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  format   correlation
truth:  format   format

test:  tile tile and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the cluster class for a given job id .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  get   a
truth:  check   check

test:  given the type of a class .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  given   user
truth:  string   string

test:  version number of hadoop .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  server   version
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  removes all the model attributes from the model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  reset   reset

test:  test that ipython output is compatible with ipython .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the version of the project .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  validate that all requirements are valid .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  check   s3
truth:  validate   validate

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate md5sum of a file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  convert columns or column to column .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  get   column
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  move a path to a file .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  accept   null
truth:  move   move

test:  copy a file and its modification times .
truth: move a file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  move   a

test:  do some necessary and/or force whitespace in a series of seconds .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the number of objects of an object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return raw tool xml as a string .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  load   load

test:  checks if words supports error in the header .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  code   reverse
truth:  header   header

test:  yaml: file a file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  xml   in
truth:  file   file

test:  prints data to stderr .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  print   print
truth:  plots   plots

test:  writes a file to disk .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  find a user by name and return it .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  wraps a property in the see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   add

test:  display the unpause dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  gets the index of the two offset .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register the local class .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  register   a

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  load directories from any directories .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   attempts

test:  load more info from more module and load more more information .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  import   logger
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate injectorfactory objects for calltips .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  get   append
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a random integer within a sequence .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks that the system compatibility exists .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  check   permissions
truth:  runs   runs

test:  check if *ucd* is present .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  function   page
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  execute a command and capture the statement that changes the stdout .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  run   function
truth:  context   context

test:  return a *safe* bound to be weakly method .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  return   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total seconds for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   total_seconds

test:  compute the vmdk size and properties size for the image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  create   glance
truth:  get   size

test:  replace the given version .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  process   returns
truth:  undoes   null

test:  vector of array elements .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  add a file to the keystone tool_shed_url .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  scan an archive and returns the path .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  create a random column of the given a random expression .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  get details about a api deployment cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   api

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  performs the maxfd to standard maxfd and stores the process has not been xpre: .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   null
truth:  close   close

test:  start the skeiniso window .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  start   variant
truth:  display   display

test:  opens count on the given file .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  count   read
truth:  download   download

test:  extract the data from a given source file .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   zipfiles

test:  try to convert a user name to author calls .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  function   list
truth:  convert   convert

test:  clears the post mortem .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if a cwl looks like it may be changed .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the most common dimension shape from a most likely square e .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  change   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list the saved files in a given path .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   ros

test:  attempts to create a dummy test by name .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  is this a regexp .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   identity

test:  run a setup command .
truth: run setup . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a dict containing the json instance of django .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   django

test:  ensure that a setuptools version is installed .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  setuptools   install
truth:  null   null

test:  confirm that a point value is a valid point .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   equation

test:  given an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the organization .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  check   parses
truth:  null   a

test:  return the sequence of a sequence .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns sig .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  include   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the median value of the given mid values .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   median

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  resume   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns a testsuite to be test suite .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  build   tests
truth:  returns   a

test:  calls f .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  form   null
truth:  call   call

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  convert a string to a value with possible bytes .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  to   string
truth:  sort   sort

test:  wrapper around qstandardpaths .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  compute the average clustering of the nodes of a directed graph .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  the sequence beta .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  introduce   element

test:  construct a challenge challenge for the given field .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  existing   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  remove an an existing team member .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  disassociate all fixed ips by host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  generate c preprocess of types as used by at least two types of c probabilities .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   c

test:  test that expired works .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  test   null
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  null   options
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file and return its filename .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  if   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add the canonical path and the beginning of the path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  sanitize   version
truth:  make   path

test:  program : program | line .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  command   example
truth:  null   program

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the cumulative line number of the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  loads all the user settings contained in settings .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  document   print
truth:  displays   differences

test:  create an nxm of size to an iterable of size n .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  given   create
truth:  convert   sdm

test:  stream stream as aws period of aws hours .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  get   null
truth:  stream   stream

test:  split the given list of inputs into op parts .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  parses the partition name and returns the tuple .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  loads   process
truth:  parse   a

test:  queries the given queries for all informations started from the given criteria .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  gets   delete
truth:  queries   queries

test:  cidr cidr and train model on a dummy configuration .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  load   issue
truth:  loads   a

test:  splits otu from otu file .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  setting   yaml
truth:  filter   otus

test:  create a test app inside the provided app .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  testing   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  upload a file .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  upload   url
truth:  function   function

test:  filters the list of full names that match pat for each extraction .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  filter   filter
truth:  return   return

test:  infer a dict mapping values for arguments using a function mapping .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  does   install
truth:  to   try

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   utility
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  returns the current systems error .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   a

test:  yield matching files or directories of each directory .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterates   update
truth:  iterates   null

test:  generate a list of dicts with a key of the field .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  null   truncate
truth:  compute   x**n

test:  query stored command .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  query   a
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of a directory exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  give the value of a list of strings that are leading by the argument .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   values

test:  execute an http service .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  is   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  test that operator is not loaded .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  read the queue id for a given thread .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  partitions   data
truth:  queues   queues

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   t
truth:  parse   parse

test:  execute and start the module command on the pecl .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   entrypoint

test:  insert issues information about a template url .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  github   github

test:  decorator which specifies that a recursive function is running under the given recursive and pass .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  given a supplied foo .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  url   scan
truth:  is   t

test:  given a url .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  adapt   type
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the next prior to be configured in the repository .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   method

test:  check if files that calculates the environment variables to run in the entrez way .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  if   report
truth:  if   check

test:  remove special characters from the chain .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  remove   content
truth:  repeated   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  dump a paraxial configuration variables cli examples: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  exit   null
truth:  dump   null

test:  returns a prime number of max .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  writes the current block to a file and writes the permission .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   null

test:  returns whether the state is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  marks a view function as exempt from csrf protection protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  export a method to a png file .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   method
truth:  export   method

test:  adds the flex methods to the given method .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert a dictionary to a numpy array .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for events .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   mapreduce
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  generate a html range header .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  return   get
truth:  if   null

test:  verify a symbol hash given a string and a symbol with the given symbol .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  replace   attempts
truth:  null   null

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  verify that calling pypi inputs behaves not cstringo .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  assert   compare
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert a binary string into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  send daily weekday to inform the user about their locations .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  reports   email
truth:  reports   reports

test:  this is here to run the main process as a script .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  makes   async
truth:  build   build

test:  test to ensure that hugs cut_off type works as expected to ensure that it hugs .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   json

test:  format a host string for an url .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  host   host

test:  runs a shell linear system and returns the output of a given command .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   null

test:  create a fake directories .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  function   create
truth:  create   create

test:  tests that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  to   try

test:  turn a list of allocations into a single provider provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  apply images where ipv6 is small enough to glance .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  fill   null
truth:  update   update

test:  extract the translations from a python file and extract the language code .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  deletes/withdraws route from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the account as network controller .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes model created by model .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  cached   null
truth:  null   version

test:  open a file using ipython .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  called when conversions has related objects as expected .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  host   a
truth:  make   null

test:  check if detaching is valid switch() or not .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  is   a

test:  adjust the given dimension to make sure that the given dimension is valid .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  broadcast   null
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  performs a serve points on the given bucket .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  set   null
truth:  test   test

test:  modify the arguments of a list .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  given   null
truth:  measure   measure

test:  download a command from alexs website .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  download   download
truth:  build   a

test:  perform an a6 record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   lookup
truth:  perform   a

test:  modified wrapper for its its type .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  null   try
truth:  wrap   a

test:  set held message(s) on the mail queue cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove nanrows values from x .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if file is blacklisted .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  launch the shortcut we will launch the sources .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  launch   return
truth:  launch   launch

test:  get the fake cluster for a given cluster .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator to make a view only accept revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   equity
truth:  add   summaries

test:  gets the path to the data files for a package in the given package and return the autoencoder .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  loads   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects a boolean of boolean field from the block structure .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   a
truth:  collects   a

test:  test that a non user has a extra wheel .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  test   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  provides the path as a prefix for a resource .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  null   up
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the user model from the django project .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  build master api server endpoint to begin in if successful .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  builds   build
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover on input individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone naive .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  tests   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  validates that the models for unenroll is unenroll to date since this handler is designed to view if it is not available .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  receive   objects
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if its possible to iterate over enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  initialize all applications in the database .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  import   import

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  get host name from registry .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  profiling   attributes
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  returns true if g is a edge cover of g .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  decides   null

test:  add the plugin translations to the plugin args: plugin : the plugin name of the plugin translations .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  error checking for routines that return a python code .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  checking   a
truth:  checking   checking

test:  elementwise linear-interpolation function .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  use   factory
truth:  indices   indices

test:  load a module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager that acquires a tx hash and smali .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  retrieve   rsa
truth:  given   null

test:  makes a color dictionary from start and gradient .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  make   a
truth:  makes   dict

test:  changes changes in a repository .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  show   a

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  check if the given package id is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  execute brew command .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  collects   display
truth:  calls   calls

test:  collect rank entities from a entry .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  return   null
truth:  rank   rank

test:  remove a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute an ajax function of a sequence of polynomials .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   null

test:  execute a command on the target .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  polynomial pseudo-quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  on windows .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  make   null

test:  monitor the threads for qthreads .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  set   entry
truth:  null   infinite

test:  get path to the users home directory if it exists .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  find   delete
truth:  return   location

test:  return an getmodule from a module .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  get   way
truth:  return   return

test:  make a cidx file with the given arguments and raise an exception if a evaluate_elements header supports the file .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  makes   shortcut
truth:  make   a

test:  test that a matplotlib figure behaves as matplotlib .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  test   test
truth:  error   error

test:  filter to support which slightly a multiple of population .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a sitemap message that runs the sqs action on the sqs and set the sqs queue .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  create   test
truth:  null   dev

test:  parses a single changes containing a list of changes .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  get   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return the unix epoch time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  returns   calling
truth:  return   current

test:  the help command for a series of strings .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  help   helper
truth:  identify   null

test:  convert a debug interval to a interval .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  coverage a function is called in parallel mode .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  is   null
truth:  mark   fn

test:  ensures that a fromlist file is contained at the root of the path .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  null   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  permanently delete a static topic .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  sets the local attribute value .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   privacy

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are tuples and values are tuples like kern .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  theano model for hamiltonian .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  calculate   no
truth:  creates   a

test:  django template tag that performs a new redemption on the tag .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  return   url
truth:  posts   posts

test:  set the maximum of an object to the subtensor .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  return   x

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to load .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  return   part
truth:  extract   part

test:  returns a list of the paths of a directory .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  get   get
truth:  to   null

test:  return the maximum mid priority of 1 mod p .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  validate   power
truth:  return   power

test:  returns the grade tag of the histogram as a task .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  print   print

test:  returns true or "file" according to what mode is .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all active vms associated with the requested vms .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  use code to capture the printed output of code while within range .
truth: override sys . 
test:  override   dict
truth:  override   sys

test:  try to determine the versions of the user .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   root

test:  return a fixed frequency datetime index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  solve   a
truth:  find   a

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  null   in

test:  return true if the alpha parameter is similar to a .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a new diff dictionary representing the given diff in the actual diff .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  to   null

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   requests
truth:  stubs   stubs

test:  replace the matched xml reference with the reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the username of a process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  their their value of a map of feature codes by their corresponding printable feature value .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  check   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  architecture architecture .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  required   returns

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  clear the cache cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clear   cache
truth:  clear   null

test:  reads a file and returns the content .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true if the server is installed .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  null   check
truth:  determines   null

test:  start a worker worker .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  set   logging
truth:  null   routine

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   metamorph
truth:  read   metamorph

test:  get four by four matrix with four elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a storage instance that is used to create the new devices with the given request .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  search   null
truth:  usage   usage

test:  find the app file .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  test the multiline-related of the bundle .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  check that the given column exists in the table .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  if   wrapper
truth:  alter   a

test:  replace the data passed in settings .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  run the bokeh sessions on the configuration variable .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  null   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  call   plugin
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a client and register it on the given language .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  query   discovery
truth:  generate   a

test:  check file or command to make sure it is in proxy .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the cylindrical elements by a point in a matrix .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  if   translate
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return the version of windows currently installed .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  list   list

test:  generate a new cookie encoded with random subset of random characters .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  string   a
truth:  function   function

test:  confine this module to rhel/fedora systems with the required execution module available .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  confine   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  return the filename .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   load
truth:  work   work

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  insert the document .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  help   reports
truth:  test   test

test:  get the configured private keys .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  generate   fetch
truth:  retrieves   one

test:  given the revision socket .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a dict of field fields keyed in the field .
truth: given a field . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  create a oname image .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  rgb to short .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return the warning string .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  read and print the cached wavefunction .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   os

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  register a new role for the given role .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a key string .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  prevent   releases
truth:  return   a

test:  encode a number as string .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  increment   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  used   function
truth:  used   function

test:  return a list of unique names .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   data

test:  pick the installer plugin and return a question if it was changed .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   configuration
truth:  pick   installer

test:  create a dictionary from a key/value pair in list and return it .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  builds   attribute
truth:  build   a

test:  return the matrix to use .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  return   indices
truth:  get   get

test:  read tables with mixin types and that it can take a downloadable types .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  write   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return a locale by name or raises an exception if it does not exist .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a numpy float of ordinal to a float .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the binary page for the config .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  writes   binary
truth:  configure   nltks

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   data

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  install a setuptools with a synthesis .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  null   install
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips by project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   count
truth:  get   get

test:  this function calls a class that parses the html html dbms into a back-end object .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  function   function

test:  function called for process a function is called in symbolic .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  look   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the given regexp pattern .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  test   try
truth:  tests   tests

test:  converts a string argument to a value .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  fetches the validation results for the validation .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  limit   limit

test:  parse a string and build a message .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  add a list .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  computes the set of efficient keys that are not yet in the dict whose value is the current dict .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  null   number

test:  copy a file from a source directory to a destination .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  changes   file
truth:  null   generator

test:  convert a collection object to a 3d collection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return an iterator that yields a pathname of a directory .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a class that is used to extract the class name of the original class labels .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  adds   up
truth:  add   a

test:  returns the version of the package version .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  flatten a collection of units with nested units .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  flatten   convert
truth:  given   a

test:  plot the raw parameters of the original graph .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  callback   data
truth:  scroll   scroll

test:  check to make sure the default horizontal matches the input horizontal .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  attach a content-disposition content-disposition content-disposition object to the given address .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  generic t-confint to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  open   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  formats string as positive .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  look   format
truth:  cast   a

test:  run html tidy with minimal settings .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  return all nodes having a path to source in g .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  prints out the results of a list of commands for each results of time .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  returns the canonical error id for the given error code .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  create an http service .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a new hash of data .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  compute   data
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the system is provided .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  remove   password
truth:  removes   a

test:  generates an individual template with the given name and appends the given separator .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  creates   html

test:  scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  pending   null
truth:  scan   a

test:  creates a route table with the given name or tags .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  given   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return eol characters .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  return   null
truth:  text   text

test:  register models and create metadata .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   models
truth:  register   models

test:  retrieves all packages for a specific package .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check for a string value that can be used as an alternative key .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  calculate md5sum of the md5sum for a file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert text to html following the displayed stream .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  form   text
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets the media prefix for the given params and populates the template prefix with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  populates   a

test:  cast x to the same type as x .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  returns   cast
truth:  cast   cast

test:  convert a string into a datetime object .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  turn   parses
truth:  to   attempts

test:  convert an integer into a base36 integer .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  host   a
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes a problem and zero of its contents .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  is there a backwards compatibility function .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set a password on the account or the named user .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the named kernel module is failed .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  for testing .
truth: says hello . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  document   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a controller value from arguments .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  null   receiver
truth:  build   a

test:  returns a list of the create table sql statements for all models in the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new request object .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  make   a
truth:  request   request

test:  draw epochs axes for epochs .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  samples   epochs
truth:  handle   epochs

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  parse lines from code source file .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  applies   attempts
truth:  return   line

test:  display the first line of the given line .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a numeric address in seconds to a tuple .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  validates that the value is a callable for the arguments of the given function .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   values

test:  water restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sources

test:  load a json file and return it as a json string .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run command and check the given arguments using dummy module command .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   command
truth:  command   command

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  null   change
truth:  used   parameters

test:  return true if text is a python module/package .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  if   predicate
truth:  if   test

test:  delete asset according to their rules .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  del   a

test:  retrieve all containers .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  called by the current page and sets the user .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  null   show
truth:  publish   a

test:  get replica word .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  given   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the last that we are running on .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a coordinate string into a coordinate .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  normalize a line of text to a single space .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  return   normalize
truth:  fixed   return

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  value   string
truth:  string   string

test:  create an instance of missing tuples and returns their primary aligned .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  null   a
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  scan a zip file and all files in it .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  print   print
truth:  null   a

test:  return a new encoding dict mapping from a map of decoding .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a palette with the specified shape and return a palette .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the list of the python modules from the checkout .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete containers and push containers .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  stretch   multiple
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns p-value for the given distribution .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get the attribute of an object .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  plot the figure and plot the plot of the data .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  render   a
truth:  draw   null

test:  return exercise items .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  copy the annotations from the dest tree to the destination .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   helper
truth:  copy   annotations

test:  convert the sequenceexample image to an image and square .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  transform   strip
truth:  given   a

test:  update timeline for all timeline .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  read   routine
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a class by name .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  read a distances file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list with all the ids that the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the system plugins of the system plugins .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  use   a
truth:  return   return

test:  append tags found in the file outfp at the given tag outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   null
truth:  append   tags

test:  solves the general coefficients for the efficiently returns it .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  create a finder project and produce it .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   factory

test:  returns true if *obj* is a integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  generates a multivariate multivariate polynomial of a multivariate distribution .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  null   page
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start the named service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  start   service
truth:  null   cli

test:  retrieve all quotas for a given project or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror and returns a cache entry .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send a request to the api and return the response .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  pass in the deployment directory tree .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create new media_list_player object .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   media
truth:  create   new

test:  coerces detail into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  use   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  compute the polar product of polar .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  returns   power
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a deferred that connects to the upnp .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  install a package in a setup .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   flocker
truth:  install   flocker

test:  render a polynomial for a given number of from: .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  setting   returns
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  wraps the length of a given number of number .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  value   arg
truth:  truncates   a

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete any any emails in your email address .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  clear   null

test:  check if a certain container name is in an existing container name or remove a new container .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return true if the first bytes is html .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  detect   null

test:  returns a quoted version of json .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  string   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a list of private repos for a given repo .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  check if the user is masquerading for the given course .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new response object with the given code and that requests an http header .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a copy of the files that was modified by the rfc 2822 .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  strip   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  calls the method with the given number of seconds .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  perform deseq2 negative pmf .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  reshapes   deseq2
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  returns a string for a container .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  provide   content
truth:  convert   a

test:  context manager to run a command within a subprocess .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  run   custom
truth:  runs   a

test:  compute leaf leaf along given axis .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  convert   quaternion

test:  performs a line as a dns version of the database .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the appropriate html for a given node .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  is   pkg

test:  create a symlink or a file this is a directory cli example: .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  show the exception for an uncaught error message .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  dimension   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  a helper for list: .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  null   data
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  given the target class this function is deprecated .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  build   page

test:  run a scheduled task and return its name .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  null   return
truth:  name   name

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   join

test:  adds nova name to contextmanager .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  null   nova
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the checksum of the current thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  install   signals
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  force jobs of scheduled jobs .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  if   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   verbose
truth:  get   get

test:  return whether or not we are cron .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  setup the enocean component .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a command line of a pair of arguments .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   lists
truth:  parse   parse

test:  run command using subprocess .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  function   command
truth:  command   command

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  passing the intersection data for an application .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  given   classes
truth:  accepts   a

test:  decorator to detach the sale db by creating a new db changed if not changed .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  copied   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the currently active locale or none if no locale is currently active .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  get   current

test:  set tmpdir/data as cachedir .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  fixture   target
truth:  to   fixture

test:  takes a list of tuples .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to temporarily use a ccx to modify the ccx .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  change   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test that summary of a summary works with more suggestive .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  a task that mimics all info on non-admin pages .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  samples   update
truth:  if   check

test:  match the given string obtained by replacing all non-overlapping special character and match the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   try

test:  rename all abe .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  drop   drop

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  null   newline
truth:  null   newline

test:  determine if the given rule is set correctly .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   return

test:  context manager to temporarily disable a context on a specific language .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  activate   null

test:  show an error message .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  if   null
truth:  show   show

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  get the modules that was started in the modules .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  output   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  the name of the original version .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  function   update
truth:  build   build

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  parse an mqtt engine or return a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  search   search
truth:  get   a

test:  in case of a symlink is returned in the screen dir .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   case

test:  dynamically load the target module of the current module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  shortcut for qtgui .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  null   null
truth:  drop   drop

test:  move items from a query to a new query .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  move   copies
truth:  moves   null

test:  check if all glob matches the given patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  recursively get all certificate by name .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  set the current value of all assets of an assets .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  depreciate   null

test:  initialize function for threads .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  returns the executable usage of the executable .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only work on macos .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the intersection of all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  tests whether the given resource is modified .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  match   null
truth:  null   method

test:  ensure testing mode is enabled in csf .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  traverse   pull
truth:  get   a

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   nms
truth:  parse   nms

test:  this only works on a system .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  tell   return
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  atomically copy a file and learn_shift it to the bucket .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  move   a

test:  create a query dictionary representing a binary query as a dict .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  make   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  null   sandwich
truth:  null   sandwich

test:  find all bricks in predicate .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  point   urls
truth:  walk   null

test:  lists all the installed volumes in the root directory .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  null   list
truth:  configured   list

test:  get the computer computer hostname if no computer is specified .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  set the given properties on a task and update it .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  update   set
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  packs that sets a value to the required user .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  task for programmatically print .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   authors

test:  call a resource service .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  determine   method
truth:  calls   calls

test:  a function finds whether the given process is running under .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  retry calling _repr_html_ delay #9 .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  run   run
truth:  try   something

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the onkyo platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  computes the pairwise distances between x and batch .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  compute   telemetry
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  delete user account .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a python value or a list of dicts to re .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  return   matches
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if host is smartos .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  like :func:blackbody_nu but for taking a file .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  combine   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the request index .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get element with the given id or html .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  send a dictionary of tool shed path to the ctx_rev shed context: context: the name of the tool shed .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the widget can be cleared properly represented by an empty widget .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  read the metric dict from the candidate command line .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   traffic

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer from a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns true if task has customized method attr .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all classes in the astropy namespace .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return list of iscsi devices .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  remove   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get arguments for process tree by the command line .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  emulate the x .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  to   replace
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  encrypt data with aes key .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  encrypt   region
truth:  return   a

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  load   null
truth:  make   null

test:  product view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  edit   view
truth:  ordered   product

test:  close the specified issue this issue is to concatenate .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  close   work
truth:  to   attempt

test:  get the grains of the grains assigned to the read and the data .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  find   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  helper that converts a variable into a flattened expression .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  counts   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  decrypt text - the cipher value of the cipher are the cipher - the cipher key - the cipher value is retrieved by encrypting the cipher the cipher .
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  iterate over a dict or :class:multidict yielding all items in the dictionary d .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  return   a

test:  whether or not the files can be set .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the grains from the proxied device .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  get   get
truth:  function   function

test:  format a actual schema .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  yield   filenames
truth:  format   a

test:  plot each auxiliary plot of a proportion this is a nearest image .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  plot   works
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  give a list of page where the user can add or the page to the page should be passed .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return a copy of a style type that maps to a default type .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  create   field
truth:  null   manager

test:  vae allows samples per samples in the inputs .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  multi-class categorical crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  null   loss
truth:  cross   cross

test:  import a module .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  null   alternative

test:  construct a template error string that renders the passed in templates and obtained by escaped template .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  create   replace
truth:  build   a

test:  copy a file and all its services .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  test 14 with --loglines=0 .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  default   version
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  detach all references in the path should be considered within a subsystem .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   create
truth:  detach   program

test:  send advance .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  null   vehicle
truth:  send   a

test:  delete an installed uuid cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  delete   merge
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the minion cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   one

test:  decorator that converts a method into a class .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  tests   decorator
truth:  null   docstrings

test:  returns a list of encapsulates to use for the keys .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  list   null
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  returns the object that responds to .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  get   return
truth:  object   object

test:  list of all formatters .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  scan   function
truth:  null   formatter

test:  format a task object that can be used to change tasks .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  format   a

test:  move the line to the unix line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  move   move
truth:  kill   kill

test:  attaches the method as serializers .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  attaches   serializers

test:  clear the rss api call for the specified rss .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  function   migrate
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a nested model instance .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  prevent   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return alf_services information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   apps
truth:  return   return

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   replace
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template

test:  check text for given content .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  this will end the end of the string of a string in the file .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  look   string
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses the given image for evaluation .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   uploads
truth:  preprocesses   null

test:  yaml: html this plugin yaml: html documentation files that sends the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:environment plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from prefix and grid .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  common function for full objects .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  nested   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  clears the existing directory .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  hack   hack

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string with all of the form syntax .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  set   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  add an webhook webhook to update the attributes .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a list of triplets in the javascript for each of the javascript source code .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  take   strip
truth:  has   js

test:  perform the database to establish new backend .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  make   display
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  copy a 32-bit integer into a byte string .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  write   null

test:  sharedvariable the given word on a given word .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  log   a
truth:  look   up

test:  remove any files that that were last modified in a path .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  list action options .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  return   integrity
truth:  list   regexp

test:  detects if the cache is running on the system .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  take   form
truth:  if   null

test:  return a dictionary with the lowercase language by the current language name .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  return   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   intersection

test:  main entry-point for the script .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  command   null
truth:  running   running

test:  verify that the find_current_module methods just a class this is configurable for an ordereddict of the class .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  mixed   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return data from the minion out that is records in the target .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   data

test:  generate ensuring matrix in the file .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  return   test
truth:  checks   checks

test:  list of datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  update   context
truth:  make   a

test:  runs the command against the given command and returns its output .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  makes   runs
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if expression is a subject expression parameters expr : bool or false .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  function   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  create configuration file and create a configuration object .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  given   new
truth:  given   a

test:  delete specific variables .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  null   level
truth:  deletes   privacy

test:  returns true if there are changed on the given statistics .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  if   checks

test:  guard against invalid .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  debugging function for logging debug log .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  simulates a member with a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  convert a tag name into aws .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  parses   url
truth:  get   a

test:  return the details of the given group .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a list of all the files in a directory .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  look   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  determines whether a given certificate is a lets lets looking for future .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template form for a context variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  given a courses status .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  the predict 1 .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a html string into a flattened tree .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   tags

test:  test that samphub can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all known active vms on the system .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test creating a bucket .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  to   null

test:  update collections subscribers .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   collections
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   indices
truth:  convert   a

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   null
truth:  derive   one

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  resolved   null
truth:  null   a

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   undo
truth:  undo   undo

test:  return all available lighting devices cli example: .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   negation

test:  parses and split multiple hosts from the list of hosts .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  get meta for all given doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  get   file
truth:  get   frappe

test:  main entry point to pickle and persistent .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  raises   workaround
truth:  cached   load

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  return the number of args for the function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  call   a
truth:  find   find

test:  computes multivariate guass-legendre quadrature n and weights .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  tokenize text .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  text   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns an iterator that returns the frames of a socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  roundrobin   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an image to a binary string .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   factory
truth:  convert   convert

test:  kill a process and all its process pings .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  return the actual ssh request .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  view   null
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  inserts a new record for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  inserts   a

test:  returns the edxnotes id for a user .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  return   client
truth:  generated   returns

test:  make sure that line comments are included in the correct python 3 .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  converts a string argument to a buffer .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  cat cat .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  replacing   test
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  returns the time in milliseconds since the epoch to date .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  context manager to save and save to exceptions .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  code   null
truth:  save   current

test:  open a file and return its filename .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  subroutine to create a canvas widget .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   subroutine

test:  language: zh-tw -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse_one_rule_from_dict scales a lookup method .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  look   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the inverse discrete approx to binomial in *x* .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  generates   function
truth:  finds   null

test:  complete authentication with the given hybi .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  null   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the ambiguous rules that can be used with any rules in the ui .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  is   return
truth:  null   builder

test:  set the number of days for a certificate cli example: .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure a resource exists .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  ensures   create
truth:  null   resource

test:  send email with a task alternative for the specified time .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   multipart

test:  check if a particular ip address is a valid ip or binary string .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  filter the list of all lines range of the given ending .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  null   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  logs the generated hook .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  return the path to an existing directory for a directory .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  get   tests
truth:  return   return

test:  unregister all models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   models
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the prefix is valid .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all urls linked to a relase .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   urls

test:  if the environment variable w3af_psutils is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  expand and override all configuration config .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  function   names
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the given encoding is ascii .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  write seqs from mexico from invalid response .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  null   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  level of escape .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  rules   variant
truth:  doing   encoder

test:  decode a bson timestamp to python timestamp .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   bson
truth:  decode   a

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  checks   article
truth:  takes   article

test:  how this module logs the ckan context .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  report   install
truth:  null   handler

test:  logout logout logout .
truth: user logout . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  logout   logout

test:  compare non-nan floats expected and append the dependencies .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  return   return
truth:  finite   finite

test:  check whether a path is a symbolic or a directory .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return rate per second from diff .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  return   difference

test:  given an iterable of project objects and a project .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  returns   role
truth:  gets   null

test:  image precision-recall with broadcasting .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  find   order
truth:  null   null

test:  save and retry retry .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  process   a
truth:  process   process

test:  performs the external url lookup .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a signed app that is not used to gather them as an ipython server .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns yaml representation of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   latex
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  catch a command from its name .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  perform   dictionary
truth:  lookup   a

test:  only load the module if getfacl is installed .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  work   check
truth:  provides   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  insert   individual
truth:  null   a

test:  returns an absolute uri for use in encrypt lookups .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   magic

test:  publish up all public pages from the given pages and publish language .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  null   -
truth:  published   create

test:  delete the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  execute a ruby command with a ruby ruby the version of the ruby the ruby version to execute .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  collects the source code of several python files in the separate <query> and capitalized them across a separate files .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  replaces   sphinx
truth:  null   dir

test:  loads and returns module or none .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   method

test:  verify if given fingerprint matches the certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  return dict of roles with the given permission and permission .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the releases episode of the current episode .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  get   fake
truth:  return   return

test:  return version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  return   shows
truth:  installed   shows

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  look   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user tries to get summary step without shipping method step view .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   user
truth:  tries   user

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  tune   null
truth:  call   call

test:  use a custom binary label to find boundaries with boundaries .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  generate   indices
truth:  return   bool

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  fast fastq to fastq with new filepath .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  make   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  update user email in basket .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  reset   user
truth:  update   user

test:  returns a unique integer within a set of llist .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  an xri object allowing comparison of xri .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  takes   content
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  check if the speed of the vector is valid .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  return   return
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the green object for the given function arguments and kwargs .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  null   a
truth:  document   document

test:  notify a list_user_unsubscribed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  read in the json dictionary from the locale files and return it .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  gets   load
truth:  load   locales

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  select all options in a browser by value .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  select   null
truth:  selects   a

test:  return the module that can be used to create a new one .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  generate   import
truth:  import   a

test:  helper function to handle a single channel info .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  log   channel

test:  compute greatest list of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   a

test:  shuts down the server and wait for all available applications .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get options corresponding to salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  test for an exception objects .
truth: test format function . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  format   format

test:  sets the content content on the cached backend .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  sets   content
truth:  stores   stores

test:  widen the preface gcode text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  feed   a

test:  yaml: verify a service is running in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a helper function for the intersection of all the two __truncate__ .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  avoid   regression
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  creates a query to filter identities based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  estimate power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  rm a machine by name cli example: .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  retrieves the rights for this exploration .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  loads a parameters from a file and return a list of filenames .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  loads   format
truth:  loads   null

test:  wrapper around cacheit .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   +

test:  ensure that diskcache is not deactivated when the cache is not activated .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  =   test
truth:  insert   data

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the first ckans of the first letters is farther than 0 .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper around stdout .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read the unsigned encoded byte string .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   bti
truth:  read   a

test:  new user-defined paste .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  return   view
truth:  creates   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  svg a gcode linear move text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check that the header is an msgpack frame .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  return   *
truth:  null   frame

test:  add list of all handlers to an existing list of all the available handlers .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  add   returns
truth:  registers   null

test:  render an existing execution execution .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  name   function
truth:  marks   execution

test:  check if the user is masquerading for the student .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an error response .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  parses   error
truth:  creates   a

test:  a view providing a new review review board .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  form   utility
truth:  displays   null

test:  encode the given c{unicode} string using msbuild modified modified utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  list cloudpipe .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  list   a
truth:  print   a

test:  set the mask for the current channel .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  distribute   show
truth:  set   set

test:  check that all coverage images are present .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  run   dependency
truth:  checks   checks

test:  release the reference count of a media descriptor object .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   a
truth:  release   media

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test help command for an exit command .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  help   a
truth:  help   help

test:  create an image object that is in the local machine .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  make   image
truth:  create   a

test:  wait to see create table output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  renders the given template with the given dictionary as lms .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  token   a
truth:  render   a

test:  restart a minimum service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   service
truth:  restart   openstack

test:  try to dbfield data structures from a callable .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  if   tuple
truth:  try   fn

test:  password reset form .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  use   view
truth:  to   attempts

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   behavior

test:  returns the recurrence feature for a sequence of recurrence .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  add two attribute .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   add

test:  enable tab completion completion .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  makes   strip
truth:  enables   readline

test:  rename a module to standard weak .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  rename   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the cluster size from a cluster cluster .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  fit one parameters for a given estimators .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  test   lists
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the n x xmin .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   n

test:  reverse function to safecharencode .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  returns   occurrences
truth:  returns   returns

test:  type : base | type | type | type | type .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   null

test:  gets the number of pdherr code from a string .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a checksum for a local file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  open   null
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   member

test:  updates an object by setting in the database .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  updates   a

test:  data -> gzip decode data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  open   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  removes all installed records from the given dataset .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  purge   a

test:  extracts the code from a function name .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  code   code

test:  guess that the password is valid .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  function   null
truth:  check   a

test:  set whether option was present in option .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  null   null
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file token to a room .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  publish   function
truth:  file   file

test:  due to safe for thus .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   a

test:  validate tool auth dictionary .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob id .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply the denoising denoising algorithm on a sinusoid sinusoid .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  picks   apply
truth:  null   tv

test:  convert an import file to a python list .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a pathlist .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  to   information
truth:  function   function

test:  guess the passed maxfiles .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  default   a
truth:  null   number

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   activity

test:  performs rendering using a template .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  returns the filename for this windows .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   implementation

test:  get data to saved rules cli example: .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  factory to create an error index in your namespace .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  return   error
truth:  create   create

test:  creates a command class for commands .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   options

test:  generate random sentence-like for the given process of variation .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   number

test:  wraps a callback that returns its field attrs .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this is a document .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  to   helper

test:  return an array of colors to active .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  return   rgb
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  find join tuples in source space .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  find   details
truth:  given   a

test:  convert seconds since epoch to epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  take   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  statement : integer command newline | list newline | expression .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  string = int2ap .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  =   =
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert a string argument to bool .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  make   a
truth:  string   string

test:  is a b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a url to the api request .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  return   accepts
truth:  function   function

test:  read ctc from a fif file .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   table
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given version .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  add   a

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values of y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  interpolates   null

test:  compile the dictionary containing the given dictionary and properly files .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  behave   compile
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the data for salt module using salt configuration .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   template
truth:  return   return

test:  set the shutdown python interpreter to the windows one .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  sets   linear
truth:  sets   up

test:  project users view shows the available users and form view .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   handle
truth:  project   users

test:  this function ensures that the setting of a new setting has been created when the settings changed .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  emit   changes
truth:  emits   null

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  wrapper around s3 .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  null   xml
truth:  default   html

test:  make a minimal minimal comment between the given comment and comment .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  return   deploy
truth:  create   a

test:  data:  .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  null   strip
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  copy the master temp files to the master .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  function   download
truth:  copy   copy

test:  performs scaler matrix multiplication one row at at time .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  negates   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  test to make all the tests out of the matrix .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   like

test:  check that the service is currently installed on the service .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   inverse

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  pad all the keys in a method .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  pads   null

test:  retrieve a scan .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  set   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  rebuild the file: module .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate the padding for a number of alignment .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  byte   byte

test:  guess the field type from a field of the passed in .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  guess   attempts
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the hamming vector of an shape and returns the mean of the mean of the input scalar .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  evaluate a message to display on the given index .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  presents   null

test:  multi-class multi-class .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  function   image
truth:  crops   null

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  listen for events events .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  disables   learning

test:  prepare the supplied tar and convert it to the current filter .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  activate   null
truth:  prepares   a

test:  set a service in output state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yields sorted tuples as sorted order .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  sorted   part
truth:  sorted   null

test:  remove mine .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  replace   remove
truth:  removes   a

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   cputime

test:  initialize the configuration file for the given json object .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  initializes   loss
truth:  config   config

test:  returns hosts according to factor .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  calculate   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the encoding doesnt correspond to a valid encoding .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   str
truth:  converts   a

test:  use a optimize to test results of a seeded network device .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  weighted   password
truth:  is   n

test:  returns true if the xmodule stream is multiple .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  split the module into module and return their module .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  split   a
truth:  create   a

test:  take a continuous polynomial in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  take   gcd
truth:  take   a

test:  line comments before comments line comments before comments line .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   null
truth:  retain   null

test:  a generator that yields all tokens and nested tokens .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  omnibus and set the :py:func:pdb test .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  test   null
truth:  run   core

test:  return an rgb element .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  label   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  splits a string into multiple lines .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  splits   returns
truth:  splits   null

test:  remove layer from the layer .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  execute given banner using banner with the given banner banner .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the layout and ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  iterate over all modules that should be unmodified .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return subgraph communicability for each node in g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict containing a single object .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  open   object
truth:  used   null

test:  load existing log of the given json see: configuration from the json data structure .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  point   json
truth:  return   json

test:  language: pt-br -> timezone .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  null   a
truth:  issue   issue

test:  return list of all active games for the current projects .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  label   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the rtd version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given the clsid output of a clsid .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  print   null
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  returns the leftmost bunch of all nodes that are not in the given node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  solve   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get for project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  accepts a string and returns the curve of the internals .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  create   create

test:  create dask array from a stack .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  given   generate
truth:  load   dask

test:  check to see if the second-order of sos contains sos parameters sos : array_like .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  validates   sections
truth:  to   helper

test:  read the maps maps from the already maps to the google maps .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  open   read
truth:  get   get

test:  the test run this module is to verify the correct applications .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   test

test:  try to get data from csv .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  given   read
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the currently active user or none if no user is currently active .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  null   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the sequence of cleaned elements of a sequence .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   values

test:  return discovery entry in the cache .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  returns a jenkins result from the given api .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  configure effective debug level .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  helper method to get a bug and other partition .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get list of all keys .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  given a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: s: string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  deletes an identifier of clusters .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  dict keys from a specific configuration file cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  parse   in
truth:  creates   a

test:  same as a lstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  pull out the tag from source to the target dictionary .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  source   pull
truth:  maps   maps

test:  rename the gzip file .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  given   config
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure the rabbitmq vhost exists .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  cubic spline spline cli examples: .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  the whole information page is present in the project .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  respond   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the unit mapping associated with the given unit .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  open a url to your system .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  null   return
truth:  opens   a

test:  return a list of ips of the nameservers for domain if resolve is false .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decode a file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  -   find
truth:  create   create

test:  helper method to format national phonenumber .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  function   prints
truth:  formats   a

test:  encode a string into a numerical .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  function   cross
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  create and updates the subsampled_tree subsampled_tree for the given addon .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  find the parameters of the header in the header .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that the value of confvar is installed .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  converts a key into a string of the form the given key .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  check whether a connection is a hypervisor_pool .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  check   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks whether two equations are equal .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  check   check

test:  a test to ensure that the given strings is empty .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  test   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert bytes to a string .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  retrieve all groups belonging to a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  list weighted sum of weighted values from a list of mean .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get port to a port container container container id container container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  lists   container
truth:  port   port

test:  returns check name or check depending on check .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the maximum of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   struct_declarator_list

test:  validate a color by looking up its saturation or a terminal .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  flip the tree tree .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  left   null
truth:  flips   null

test:  mean squared error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  considering the jaccard coefficient for x .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  null   django
truth:  null   harvest

test:  turns an error code into a human-readable code for managed-script .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   method

test:  combines the map of a list into one with the given mapping .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  this is the first two stty-modifying info in a users cluster .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  gets   variant
truth:  let   null

test:  create an implementation of the source classifications for a particular interface .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test gf(2) .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of all defined networks .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the corresponding corresponding corresponding corresponding f[x] .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  list detailed options .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  run   details
truth:  return   return

test:  adds _addmessagemethods() to all attributes .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  builds a byte string as defined by a proper long .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  use   values
truth:  calculates   fletcher-16

test:  test fixing positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check for dask .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   window

test:  returns a new dict of idle parameters from the given params .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  get   null
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a set of induced .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a connection to an existing kelvin .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  breaks   up

test:  parse a host string into .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get file subscription settings settings .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  get a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the callable .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  test installing current directory ( .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  given a diff of nodes and a diff .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  convert   join
truth:  generates   html

test:  return a list of running running running running running running running running running running running running running running on the server cli example: .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  running   running

test:  create the class for interacting with the specified config' .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  create   build
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if obj is unicode .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to generate a test to be executed .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  return line numbers for all line numbers .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   get
truth:  obtain   line

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns a list of ids of ids representing the ids of the field names .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  given   a
truth:  make   dict

test:  find a given path in the directory at path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   a

test:  routine to upload a progress development .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  normalized   a
truth:  null   null

test:  allow for all of the meta to update on port .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  get   database
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  set remote remote url to remote remote .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  sets   command
truth:  set   app

test:  render a 303 by setting the default redirect and cornice to the default e-mail endpoint .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  to   page
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return entries information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   apps
truth:  return   return

test:  release the /etc/hosts from the files of a given directory using the /etc/hosts folder .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  uploads   dict
truth:  release   pyzmq

test:  sample up to final element .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  return   indices
truth:  sample   a

test:  validate a bucket_name name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  use   setup
truth:  validates   validates

test:  generates a string for a given python key .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  compute polynomial gcd of f and cofactors in k[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   irreducibility
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  send a message to a channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  give   set
truth:  gives   null

test:  get_conf() -> confparse object for a wsgi application .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  collects the plugins and collects all wrappers plugins .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  register   accepts
truth:  add   documentation

test:  given two paths .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  given   a

test:  cleans a python object structure of json and return the json encoded json .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  documents   json
truth:  null   null

test:  return the shrink of the x .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  returns   i
truth:  null   x

test:  updates cart .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  given   user
truth:  return   number

test:  ensure that logistic works correctly .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  runs   runs

test:  flatten a list .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  given a stream of bytes .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new server in paths .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  set up the connection by resetting and return *wvalues2* .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  test either if an error is raised when wrong objects are wrong .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  finder can accept a case of different data .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  generate a new :class:group token .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  header   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  receive a message with the socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  ensures   attachments
truth:  null   null

test:  freeze a container path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  freeze   null

test:  returns a list of exploration objects defined in the given language code .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that pct outside of [0 .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  sets the meta data about the media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   read
truth:  set   set

test:  normalize contrast y .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   contrast

test:  loads api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   api
truth:  loads   null

test:  attempts to restore a file .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  are   null

test:  add tags to a resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   tags

test:  load a mime file .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  load   load
truth:  file   file

test:  initialize function for threads .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  init   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  set redis hash fields cli example: .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  if   redis
truth:  set   set

test:  returns list of attributes that have been attributes .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  deletes   images
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a named group .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this method will allow all the users sequential sequential .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  empty   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  make sure that the compiler call is present in the path .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  generates a random cloud instance .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  escape any involucro characters in list that were running in list .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  remove   remove

test:  subsequent user authentication .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  authenticate   a
truth:  complete   auth

test:  flood and receive packets at layer 2 prn: function applied to packets received .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  null   null
truth:  send   packets

test:  image should be a n*m matrix .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  null   json
truth:  mean   mean

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   chamber

test:  display an http response .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  view   exception
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  single knowledge knowledge view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   knowledge

test:  return the vm activate of a given vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  null   information
truth:  remove   a

test:  connect to a initializing and returns a new server .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  connect   a
truth:  create   a

test:  splits the datastore path on the datastore .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   split

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return a copy of the string s .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  reader row for the specified row .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  submit   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  fixture to get the root xml as root .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  providing   null
truth:  xml   xml

test:  greater than filters can be used in filters .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  checks   parameters
truth:  keep   null

test:  do a series of the elements of a sequence .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a new absolute url .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  null   url
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  clone the specify files .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  mark   lists
truth:  enable   enable

test:  logged logged in the url with the user and redirects to the redirect .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  return a pdf that is used to generate an object for child .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  plots   a

test:  hac multiobjective function .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  null   hac
truth:  null   null

test:  pass in installed_apps mode to create a new one of the extensions in an csv file .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  show   a
truth:  update   update

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   media
truth:  list   users

test:  accepts a list of options and returns the hash .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  path -  .
truth: path  . 
test:  -   -
truth:  null   path

test:  view function which redirects a user to login for login .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  code   build
truth:  register   a

test:  puts() shouldnt output with unicode .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  null   appends
truth:  null   null

test:  transforms a command name to a specific level .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  ask   attempts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx source .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   field
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  gets registered registration from given node .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   servers
truth:  gets   node

test:  execute one of the branching rule .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  find   a
truth:  try   try

test:  filters an iterable of table by symbol to a list of symbol removing symbol .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  performs   lowercase
truth:  remove   a

test:  ztost test for linearity .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  null   find
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a pty-req db ids in the format graph to a file .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  expand   shows
truth:  given   a

test:  generate a tar and all its manifest .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  open   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  disable an apache site on a site .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the preferences thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read the format keys from a foreign keys .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  function   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  fix the relative load load those attribute on the given document .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return which uris uris uris .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  value   value

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   zip
truth:  unpack   zip

test:  look for the command-line argument .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  get   a

test:  tests to ensure the type validator can be raised .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  to   test

test:  return a decorator decorator that makes a step step decorator .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  submit   query
truth:  wraps   null

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  create action for bookmark .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  prepare the desktop job .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  called   null

test:  serialize a file containing a d into a directory .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  output   a
truth:  serializes   null

test:  returns true if the gravatar of the gravatar has the given gravatar .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  ask a question; return true if the answer is yes .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   a

test:  perform any configuration variables that gets used by the logging system .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  parses   bind
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  xml   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  set the default ruby ruby the user to inconsistency the default ruby as the default ruby for the default ruby : bool if known .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  negative difference of difference regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  clip a standard body of a given rule .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  test if the current program is running on the root .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verify   response
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  specifying a model that should not change the image type .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the template with the given string or regular expression .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  declare   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a kernel .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  importing   try

test:  test whether this request has a logged in the request .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  get the actual families for the current thread .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if given user is running .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  null   a
truth:  testing   testing

test:  calculate the mpd function at size .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  mean   mean

test:  set the column order .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  update   lists
truth:  set   set

test:  test dipole min_dist to inner_skull .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  null   reading
truth:  test   len

test:  checking tokenization of ipython forms .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list pool cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  null   inclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   exclusive_or_expression

test:  inference the given tip .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  tests   node
truth:  given   null

test:  check for profitbricks configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plot   plot

test:  remove all coefficients from sympy .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  parse   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  converts a path into an absolute filename .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  check all branches .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  func   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks to see if the user has complete an entrance exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  requests   requests
truth:  requests   requests

test:  validates that timeout is a timeout seconds or none .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validates   a

test:  wrap a navigation navigation xml so that it returns a semi .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  null   a
truth:  escapes   <

test:  returns a string which maps to multiple images .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  split code and text into clickable words .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  build   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return a cache key to cache if it exists .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to unify all elementwise nodes in dict .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  this saves x along x along x .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  convert   fixes
truth:  null   null

test:  does the document have the least significant bit of a categorization attribute .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  block   block

test:  check if all fine fine are a valid host-name .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes directory to disk .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  write   delete
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one error .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   setup
truth:  test   xunit

test:  make sure that bs4s errors are named @hosts .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   @hosts

test:  takes a list of dicts and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  solves a solves order order using the differential equation with a left differential folder .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  solves   1st
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a network driver object by its name or id .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the name of the text .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  test datasetshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   datasetkfold
truth:  test   test

test:  read crop crop .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  test if an pending against a grid returns a subplot with a baseline layout .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get the list of files inside the ninja .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute a list of auto elements of links .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  compute   *
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a string replacing replacing contents of a strong api .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  load a file .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  load   filename
truth:  loads   null

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create and return label and cache .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  reads and returns the contents of the given url .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  read   filter
truth:  given   null

test:  configure the celery celery application instance and make the celery application .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  null   session
truth:  configures   configures

test:  return whether the jsonp callback can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the file size of a path .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  gets   stats
truth:  is   null

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test attribute .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  rest controller for budget_location .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  check whether there are valid time in iso format .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  time   time

test:  generate a markov vector based on a period of a new cosine matrix .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns a copy of the given object .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete a module from the threads of devices .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  add a new songs to the database .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   song

test:  create a tuple from tup with tup 3 .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   tuple
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns all reading reading an db .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test when only one 7 have two 7 arrays .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  manage the qr code that was last enough .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  builds   join
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the featured activity model references .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  return whether we are supported in the api .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  loads and store the creds .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  initialize   read
truth:  to   connect

test:  test reading a a column header with approximately header parameter and properly encode the corresponding column metadata .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  reading   input
truth:  null   null

test:  this method gets vrouter in the registry .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  return   sql
truth:  module   module

test:  replaces instances like concat with concat_ws(mid(char(0) .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  append   a

test:  runs the following tasks and return its results in the current environment .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  build   null
truth:  get   get

test:  find the unicode counter which a newline or in the newline .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  return   type

test:  a datetime object to make a date .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return linear unit function for featurewise parameters x : ndarray .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  read a undirected graph on graph6 vertices .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  transform   directed
truth:  return   return

test:  most test courses courses generation level for a course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  get   return
truth:  check   check

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  decorator for styles which should contain a query .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  rebuild the readout for theta(t)/ .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a finder module from the importable module .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  get   load
truth:  imports   imports

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  removes users from the device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   delete
truth:  removes   users

test:  make matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  swap   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  extract the first defaultif path from path .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  store   a
truth:  given   a

test:  safely decodes a string .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  null   mark
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  returns the statement_list type required for a given server .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  store configuration variables .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  function   in
truth:  copies   copies

test:  return information about the show partition being used as a dict .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  get   calls
truth:  block   block

test:  enable maintenance mode .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  enable   sudo
truth:  disable   maintenance

test:  verify that a signed signature matches the given app .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  use   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the url to the bootstrap theme css theme as a restful url .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  render   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write a trees handle to the given handle handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  turns a string into a long integer .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  given a line of the given entry .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   find

test:  set the multiplier of the multiplier .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  return an os version of a string .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  convert   unpack
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the module path in the python directory if it is given .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   null

test:  get files recursively which have a file .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  returning   a
truth:  files   files

test:  start a specific test .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  perform   cache
truth:  run   testcase

test:  sends a list of multithread requests to a given configuration .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  do   a
truth:  request   multiple

test:  t-test t-test to binary classification entries via {} .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load and return the module containing the given module or module .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  module   module
truth:  get   get

test:  check the subsets of a list .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  attempts to find a user in time "app_label .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   user

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions is removed .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  upgrades   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns the packages which created with config and warning the results of the manifest command .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  null   date
truth:  null   date

test:  get unpacked double value given a double value .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the alternate log of a dlog 10 in structured order .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   integers
truth:  given   integers

test:  returns no system managers as a dictionary of calendar .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set movie title as a media_player .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   movie

test:  converts an image to array of discrete elements of utc .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the named service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   inverse

test:  update average average .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   update

test:  return the current kvm function .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of weighted vms from the specified string .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  chop   a

test:  returns a list of collection links from the request .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  given   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set up the vm and offer events for calendars .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   states
truth:  track   states

test:  get the token to use in a header response .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns the nodes of the graph g .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   edges
truth:  produce   edges

test:  this function can be used to return the kind of n .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a string so that it is present in a certain way .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a relative token .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  command   lx
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read features from a file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   feature

test:  counts the sequence of elements in sequence .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  base   a
truth:  empty   a

test:  flush to flush all emails .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  create   cache
truth:  email   email

test:  blaze blaze expression b: a blaze expression .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  null   worksheet
truth:  separate   a

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the ptp of the maximum along an axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   range

test:  load the main function spec and run the system .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  check if a given port is installed .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  launch   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the simplepush notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  guess   null
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to check the wrapped function by class .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  base   decorator
truth:  fake   fake

test:  compute the entropy of the entropy of one relay and attack_wep() .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the current encoding used by the current locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  return   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  compute the standard probability of the mean of the values lie a given lie .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   deviation

test:  broadcast broadcast to github commit .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  restores   file
truth:  function   function

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  these --> host[:port] .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  change the user configuration cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  name   info
truth:  remove   a

test:  transform a lowpass filter prototype to a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  calculates the given tau list of tau tau .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  run a command from a cli parse filename .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  select   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get the package paths from a package .
truth: given a package . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the placementgroup to use .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a phone number to a string of bytes .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  input   number

test:  this is implemented because i is provided on the main page .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  to   none
truth:  function   function

test:  wraps the first try to reverse a free formatted in the lng .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  creates   directed
truth:  given   a

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  func   null
truth:  issue   a

test:  return profile avatar .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  return   url
truth:  return   a

test:  check for pay .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   json

test:  import module by name .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  to   try

test:  set gear helix helix helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   gear
truth:  set   gear

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that triadic does not match the actual one .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  verifies the root test of both the decorated function and well .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  search   a
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  download an s3 object to s3 .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  downloads   downloads
truth:  download   download

test:  start the mongo and get the data from the salt pillar .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a file system path to a tree .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  do   fs
truth:  convert   a

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  runs a wsgi server with a cache server .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  convert a continuous random network to a dict .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  take   enable
truth:  convert   a

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  allocate the first data at the same time as the matcher for each list .
truth: version of node . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   version

test:  use nltks and emit a queue object .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  prints   show
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  marks   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  derive a 2d input from a blaze expression parameters x : iterable the number of matrices to derive needed .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  null   derivative

test:  threaded a single callable that renders the specified primary key for the specified route .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  performs average/upgma filter parameters x: ndarray .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  select   request
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  build the list of size that can be the cidr of the cidr ifname .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return true if the alpha and threshold is the same as a manager .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  clears a range of lines with begin comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clears   a

test:  get a maximum of the respective paths of a path with only the maximum of the path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a function which will get server status status from a thrown .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  install   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the expand hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  null   scenarios
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller - needed by export export - only create a default guard - all otsus controller .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  requests   requests

test:  make a list of welcome strings for all root files .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  makes   null

test:  sends the ask to the ask event to the specified api .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  put   send
truth:  make   null

test:  ensure that the named container exists .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  null   null
truth:  bundled   libzmq

test:  serve the specified files .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   null

test:  displays/processes a collection or raise if it does not exist .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  null   a
truth:  post   post

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  render the default product of the product .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  use   display
truth:  aggregate   aggregate

test:  set up the plot .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  is   array
truth:  null   component

test:  add flags given source location .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  utc utc datetime object with utc utc date .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  deletes an existing pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return true if the named container name is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  if   return
truth:  raise   null

test:  apply the inplace .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  checkout the requested tile layer .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   a

test:  teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   up
truth:  teardown   teardown

test:  execute a python source file and return an output python executable .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  null   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  check for bti phenotype .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  used   check
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return the aggregate cdll .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  delete   function
truth:  null   null

test:  uninstall up the execution on all three nodes in the task .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   edit
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches exploration with memcache in the memcache for the given id .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write a value for the given header .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  converts a tuple into a tuple of integers .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the user settings settings file for reading this is mostly a proxy file system .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  to   set
truth:  function   function

test:  display last error message .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  to   data

test:  dump the private key *pkey* into a buffer encoded string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  return the number of rsa rsa key present in the given key .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  encapsulate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test commonly hash used to test add-ons .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  evoked   test
truth:  evoked   test

test:  takes a list of infiles and returns a list of infiles infiles .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parse   search
truth:  parses   parses

test:  deletes a mount target for a file system .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  ensure that all groups groups are configured .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  perform   check
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  parse the given factory factory .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return a list of all directories on the master .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the urls for an s3 .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  null   return
truth:  make   urls

test:  load an image from a file .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  confirm   =
truth:  features   features

test:  test icon with icon .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  file   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ticket edit .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  open a tcp server for a server .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  get the python project code at offset .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two results of results into one dictionary .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  query   query

test:  set mysql collation setting for the column .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  set   upgrades
truth:  set   set

test:  add assembly attribute on each side of cage .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   operation
truth:  add   add

test:  return whether the element of the text is present in the text .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  renders   return
truth:  return   return

test:  build the ssl error error error dictionary for the ssl validation .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  build   build

test:  check that nova is installed .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  look   null

test:  used that will try to set the grid configuration .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  solves a compute against a compute equation .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  solve   a
truth:  extract   x

test:  helper method for the hex string .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  takes   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  return number of redirect .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   counting

test:  update a container .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  update   view
truth:  update   a

test:  detects entities in the file .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   entities
truth:  detects   entities

test:  exception report with the given logs .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  report   logs
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode a string of rfc 2231 .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decodes   maps
truth:  string   string

test:  list all repos from the display .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  ask a timestamp for an operation .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   a

test:  marks up translation translation but only returns a view .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  executes   project
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled completed for the given course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that adds the specified 'application/json'return class to the given api class and return true if the main .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  use   null
truth:  use   use

test:  show the tenant status cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   get

test:  add a batch to an axis .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  prepend   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read in the binary data for a given file .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   data

test:  get raw types .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   prints
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the response is a head .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  servicerecord add page .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  adds   details
truth:  null   new

test:  decodes html entities in json .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   html
truth:  decodes   html

test:  test whether cov is same as cov .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  null   asserts
truth:  check   check

test:  quote a string so that it can be included in a certain python string .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  quotes   text
truth:  null   in

test:  return the __namespace__ namespace or a namespace .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  validate   list
truth:  validate   app

test:  extract messages from mako templates .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  config   messages
truth:  extract   messages

test:  test to make sure that the columns columns of a typo attribute will columns if the multicol attribute is false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  test that a line of equal labels are equal .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  sets the result of the result .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  docstring   sets
truth:  setting   setting

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   a

test:  sync all installed customizations to their modules in the given directory args: customizations : the location of all apps to sync .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   scan
truth:  sync   custom

test:  get a single account from the database .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  find   find

test:  given a value string .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  given   a

test:  format a host string as a scrapy host .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  host   host

test:  check that an api client is rfc 822 .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  test   test

test:  default feedback feedback feedback url .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  default   default
truth:  null   a

test:  load sys .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  url   add
truth:  add   a

test:  test when you are executed in the section .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  parses   user
truth:  adding   test

test:  decrypt a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using a stream .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   a
truth:  mask   generation

test:  convert pil .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   image

test:  take the output of a repository and return a repository of its received .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prints out a message in stderr and nicely .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  needed   null

test:  performs a flash routes with the given flash .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  null   redirects
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns a local plugins in the directory .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  override the virt image size .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  identify   image
truth:  increase   image

test:  render a string as a mako template .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  renders   render
truth:  render   a

test:  this function will return list of lists of items in that list of lists of list .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  ensure   filter
truth:  null   behavior

test:  do the actual dump of type string .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  dumps   function
truth:  dumps   a

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  null   kpsewhich
truth:  null   period

test:  decorator that checks the result of numpy result is equal to numpy .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  start a site application .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  modifies   update
truth:  update   a

test:  get a ceilometer service options for the service .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the messages of a given module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  this function is called to run in the default scheduler .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   datetime

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   os
truth:  disallow   os

test:  do the actual encoding .
truth: if possible . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  converts a numpy ndarray name into a id_3 name .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  entez the given string .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  requests   sanitizer
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function wraps an exception .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  retry   retry
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns the product of the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  similar to escape() .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of resource pools associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the int .
truth: get the int . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the size of a network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a date .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   values

test:  gets a dictionary keyed by users and a users tag .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  gets   context
truth:  extract   null

test:  a string to be after a certain number of characters .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  sort stats for a sequence of raw data .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given an identity pool name .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  be   find
truth:  given   identity

test:  convert a number or sequence into a http(s) string .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  round   method

test:  parse http header and link value into a dict of parsed fields .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the response data for the login if not already been set .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compare the two images in a given image .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  want   test
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns flavor image properties for a given image key .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  return true if an upstart service is disabled at boot .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  hook   null
truth:  null   null

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  find   find
truth:  are   null

test:  remove an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a package status in both the local system and the repository .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   check
truth:  makes   null

test:  run a given worker in the database .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a png pdf pdf converter args: varies : 8bit .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  used   convert
truth:  mark   mark

test:  generates a circle stored in the passed tuple .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  polygon   polygon

test:  merge the given text into an cp statement .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  generate a file and determine the attribute dictionary .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  process   process

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factory for interface_decorator .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  mock the module .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  context   null
truth:  place   a

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to preserve order of the original list .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  use   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the size in the current system .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the number of cpu cpus in a date .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  return   cpu
truth:  convert   convert

test:  build the lexer/parser modules to include the script .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  yaml: sitemonitor execute a sitemonitor build for certain push .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  null   pmd
truth:  null   null

test:  release key .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   data

test:  takes an iterable of tuples that can be passed as returned by the c dictionary .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  convert   controller
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  null   build
truth:  header   header

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check that unified .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  parse   output
truth:  is   null

test:  you have to proxies and redirects the login action to linkedin and index of the user .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  renders   load
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  parse a ipstr entry in ipstr format and extract the uuids .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   ip
truth:  parse   parse

test:  make detected detected tool .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  null   return
truth:  execute   a

test:  makes a pseudocolor plot .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   crop
truth:  crop   crop

test:  list installed perl modules cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  import a module given its path .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  returns   module
truth:  import   import

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  gets the type field for the field .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  given   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the lcm of a and b .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the vlan id of this vlan .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  takes a list of tuples .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  search   search
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the tournament matrix of g .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  downloads the given data from a file and saves it to the triggered .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  return   a
truth:  download   appstats

test:  create a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  check the module metadata .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  list   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a string with no more than or sequences .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  s   s

test:  recursively include tag descriptions for a person .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a remote host to a remote host .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  given   cmd
truth:  files   files

test:  takes a json entry of player .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  stats   aws
truth:  parses   parses

test:  cotangent of a series of the hex digits of the lambert negative interval .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert list of tuples to dictionary .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  regex   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the desargues graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the elementwise of a matrix .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  null   alias

test:  a generalized distance between two points .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   max

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a search rank from a given rights .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a capabilities list from a piece of text .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  text   text
truth:  extract   a

test:  configure the bitcoin and its children across all its metadata .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  null   method

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  start : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  null   declaration
truth:  start   start

test:  use paramiko to disable an auto-proxy .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  gather the best channel locations .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  choose   null

test:  decorator to check if the result is not false .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  deprecated   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  adds indentation to the byte field of the given object .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  builds and create a volume from a volume .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  builds   replacement
truth:  null   null

test:  create a list of tuples .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  split   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  coerce value to an object .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  return   a

test:  completes module blank .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   completion

test:  escapes an iterable of pairs .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  replace webpack with the given dictionary with duplicate modules .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  order   a
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a list of user count .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is run via an addition on a parallel linux module .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  output   assertionerror
truth:  check   check

test:  get a value of a private sysctl .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  randomly do one or dict of the integer n .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  choose   randomly

test:  sets the due date extension on a course .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  sets   response
truth:  sets   a

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a valid linestyle linestyle .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  test traincv .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   find
truth:  test   test

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value from info response .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get flipped paths .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  test io of mne-python .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  io   io

test:  accepts a csrf csrf or a string and converts it to a hash .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  convert   multiple
truth:  null   cobbler

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the main page .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update an existing user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  partially format a distance .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  null   resultant
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  accepts any specified user and automatically adds users via the user this will not cause it to the user .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  inserting   null
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a prevent banner with the given name .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  create   version
truth:  create   create

test:  calculate the block function of an array .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  function   function

test:  create a volume group .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  create   a

test:  mutual mutual issues with mutual near near near near near near .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  null   features
truth:  null   null

test:  the quorum method used to return the size of an n-d image .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   size

test:  disable the named sysv service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  return data for bookmark of a bookmark .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   training
truth:  return   data

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  register the plugin as the func .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  existing   a
truth:  null   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  retry an interval across a repository to a client .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  comma   retry
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a decorator that asserts that the signal is saved .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  context   context

test:  send a periodic task .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  module   run
truth:  run   run

test:  given a special node .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  returns   action
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   volume
truth:  update   volume

test:  create a new colorscale where each scale uses colorscale .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  make   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  get the areal window from the directories .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  determine whether we should wait for update .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a list of all detected commands .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  converts any passed in dict to ansi escape .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  simplified   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   options
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that a filtered argument is a valid attribute of the states .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  text   test
truth:  make   null

test:  return region code based on a request .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  to   get
truth:  code   code

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get list of users current user .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  generate   lists
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a hex for the given engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if you have a sorted file .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  print   return
truth:  compare   compare

test:  convert an object into the graphics object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  transforms the input line into a protocol line .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   offsets

test:  return an data that can be used as a list of extensions .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   multiple

test:  convert a file name or a list of subtitles .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  required   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  this function deduces the data for the the solver .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  rename   null
truth:  does   null

test:  perform a copy of the modpython header based on the *q_class_name* standard headers .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  run   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  create a new random sync keys in dask .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   a

test:  fetch the gravatar email for a specified email .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  get   lookup
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the estimated population standard error of the values in the passed array .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  revoke the challenge challenge for publishing .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  revoke   returns
truth:  revoke   null

test:  log a message with severity log .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  log   msg
truth:  logs   a

test:  clears the cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  require   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the size of a size .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  gets   source
truth:  turns   null

test:  decorator that synchronizes a method or method into the actual lock .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  collects the html page for html .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get list of files from csv .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  translated   shortcut
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the matrix exponential using taylor series .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  estimate   accepts
truth:  compute   compute

test:  fake gcs team .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make plugin available .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   list
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  same as a <<= return the absolute difference of a and a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the given node is an abstract class .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   point
truth:  point   point

test:  sets up the list of possible paths to a flat dict of paths relative to their representative paths .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  normalize   duplicate
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a setting for use in a field of another settings .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  receive   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates an oauthtoken and sets the string and sets it .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  write   downloads
truth:  finds   null

test:  should print a tableau way .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  null   test
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts utf-8 strings into native python objects .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  sends   call
truth:  takes   null

test:  the n-grams function .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   seed
truth:  initialize   null

test:  converts the general solution of which has the form within its first equivalent .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  differences all kinds that have a list of kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  splits   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the ip list for the smtp virtual subnet .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  function   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns random string of a random number generator .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  null   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  arrange the services for the specified service .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the circle nodes from the circle nodes .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  safely decodes the string to ranges .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a string that defines a known pointer .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   quotes
truth:  input   input

test:  check that the currently logged-in user has specified permission on the action .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  helper function to return the current time size .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  set   create
truth:  null   disk

test:  convert list of class objects into a tuple .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  find   details
truth:  given   jenkins

test:  index_assets page: displays all pages .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   pages

test:  copy an archive or a file .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   file
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the penn on the box on the salt ifname .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the external tree to xml .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  link   link

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an id key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  you might want to get every add-on role from the actual one .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  is   null
truth:  get   role

test:  create a new private key and add it to prefix .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ping an entry when we have a shut entry .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  makes   entry
truth:  ping   ping

test:  test adding a wheel from a wheel .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  generate a sharejs uuid from the passed uuid and private key parameters uuid : string or private key .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  format   format

test:  creates a post request to add a new post and sets it to the proper requests .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs request .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   request
truth:  verify   a

test:  return true if the target directory is out-of-date .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  null   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  create the default production file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test handling of event ordering .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   event
truth:  test   event

test:  safe tidy for tidy .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  generate   translations
truth:  clean   up

test:  decorator that converts the unicode values into a list of hosts .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  defining   decorator

test:  get all networks interface with the given instance or raise if it does exist .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a link to the page class .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if we can resize the file system .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add dstpath as dstpath from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  null   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the sony sensor .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a y_{t-1} with given number of 1s .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  search   list
truth:  hashing   uses

test:  validate the movie configuration .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  null   use
truth:  config   config

test:  auto-populate and configure proxy .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  invoke   up
truth:  create   create

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the second kind and its derivative .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  compute   check
truth:  null   numbers

test:  convert a value like 5 months into a unit .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  unpack a numpy matrix .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  create a class object .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  broadcast   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test working copy when a user accepts sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  working   test
truth:  working   working

test:  append an url to a token url .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  url   a
truth:  appends   appends

test:  ajax view returning a preview colored .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   preview

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   copyright
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  usage: {{ dictionary|at:key}} .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the column names from column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  get   lookup
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  convert a unicode specification to a byte string .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  returns the cache directory .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  retrieves   config
truth:  finds   null

test:  return the url by fully tool to match the given url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  translate   url
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a blob from the provider .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  create configuration percentage .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   configuration

test:  start geonode .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  backup   content
truth:  start   start

test:  show the details from opennebula concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return the hierarchical tree of the distance matrix sets columns from the tree columns sets the distance matrix sets the distance matrix .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the estimator and variance of the dataset .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fft   fft

test:  create a class from a name .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adapted   null

test:  renders the solution for a solution .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  list   list
truth:  if   check

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  returns an object that is a byte string .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  arrays   debug
truth:  return   x

test:  logs a user out .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  prepares   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  change   a
truth:  change   change

test:  only load this module if the os is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confine   work
truth:  confirm   null

test:  sends a message to the next device change .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that latex is installed and should be passed in build .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  null   build
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  creates a diagonal array from a vector .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the edge boundary of a directed graph .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if url is running on running .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  get fixed ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  load lightweight capability capability .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  if   handler
truth:  if   test

test:  polynomial division with g and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  simplified a string .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the qt worktree is installed .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  check   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch the repository key from the system .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  get   data
truth:  download   rsa

test:  get the loops going through the loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  get   get
truth:  loops   loops

test:  view that redirects to confirmation confirmation page .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  fetches   view
truth:  view   view

test:  read the dns contents of a step .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   request
truth:  convert   convert

test:  verify that voice is a metaclass .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  if   return

test:  compute the hyperbolic norm of f .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculates   l2

test:  given observations of a b-spline .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  username   function
truth:  calculates   null

test:  escape the jinja routine in jinja .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  escape   returns
truth:  null   backslashes

test:  dijkstras shortest paths between list of files .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  algorithm   uses
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  decorate a function or a json python object .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  func   json
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of the graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  create a tarball in the given file-like object to create a tarball in the given file-like object from :data .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  helper function that allows modules of the given module .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  get known btrfs formatted devices cli example: .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  scan   get
truth:  known   get

test:  average true range .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   average

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find the nearest statement that is a statement of the given node .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  grab the list of files in the given directory .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return metadata from the specified instance metadata .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  get   image
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  updates email preferences for email .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  update   email
truth:  updates   updates

test:  takes a list and remove first .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  split   split
truth:  separate   null

test:  returns a list of runner from a given tag .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  return   pull
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the shape of a keras tensor or variable .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  elementwise   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for identical methods .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  return   a

test:  only work on gentoo systems with layman installed .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  a list of lists of nested lists of nested iterators .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  returns   multiple
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  del a lease on an ip address .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  called   null

test:  get the absolute text from a file .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test art .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dump   null

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  converts the given ip string to a uuid .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of current product classes .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  compute content and the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  provides   content
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  the linking file can be used to access the files in a directory .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  null   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode string into an ascii object .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  transliterate   null

test:  generate a secure .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  compute   a

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  create a symlink or a given path .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  create   a
truth:  link   link

test:  locate and returns program in a executable executable parameters filename : executable .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  takes   directories
truth:  find   find

test:  calculates the size of the given size .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  print   sizes

test:  generate a id .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the correlation statistic - 1 .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  computes   data
truth:  is   null

test:  return a res/templates which is unique to each test data directory .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a vector to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  write a fiff source spaces to a fiff file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a number into a hex color number .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  sort 3 queries when transport=cli is importable .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  null   process
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a string to an integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  listen   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  tickets view .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  settings   tickets
truth:  filtered   tickets

test:  compresses and returns the given data using the given data structure .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   return

test:  render the template_file .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  convert correlation .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  return   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  ensures that all groups a model minion are updated with l{klein} l{klein} minion .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  attributes   xml
truth:  works   works

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a search for all python scripts .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  look   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a list of points from a list of reference .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   latitude

test:  check to see if the request is a whitelist which the whitelist and can be used with the specified whitelist .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  check   a

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  performs a template with the given template path .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  template   a
truth:  render   a

test:  setup the mqtt switches .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  set   up
truth:  find   find

test:  return the last argument passed in a list of argument .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return limited up to requested items according to formats .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test rl_beginning_of_line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   rl_beginning_of_line
truth:  test   test

test:  close the current jinja2 data .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  attach a json epic custom queryset representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return locale from contextual .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  sends   view
truth:  return   locale

test:  classify sequence of float numbers based on sequences of length 3 using a single layer of gru units and 3 .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  classify   unicode
truth:  apply   a

test:  confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  load   works
truth:  null   null

test:  writes the given text to a file .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  write   a
truth:  return   rootobject

test:  get movie time .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  print a html file .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  given   randomly
truth:  write   html

test:  compute the 2-dimensional frt loop for an x integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list all password on the account cli example: .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   database

test:  wraps djangos forwards in the body of a new-style editor .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  guess   null
truth:  load   data

test:  shut down the server and can be called .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shutdown   function
truth:  shuts   null

test:  return true if filename matches the given date .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   expression

test:  return a diff between current files in a package and original the current files in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attach a json issue statuses statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return the dylib info for a module .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   a

test:  load this state if the win_lgpo module exists .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  utility function that yields a single sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap a debug type for a path .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  multiply the first scale of a subdirs .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  see   run
truth:  null   null

test:  handle profile widgets .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  moving   handle

test:  scale an image into a realizations .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  returns   download
truth:  returns   a

test:  const : const | ref .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  null   null

test:  removes a file .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  removes   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a list of sets of fields .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   convenience

test:  serialize an inventory inventory .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  save   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   coil
truth:  alteration   a

test:  like dir() .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  deletes a user .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  delete   prints
truth:  deletes   a

test:  delete an existing user .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  convert a pandas .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  kill a given job .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  determine if the given word is installed .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write all the data to a descriptor object .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  encode a dbref .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  encode   bson

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  test that you can add a duplicate code to an reserved .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  projects   projects

test:  validate the email addresses .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  if   checks

test:  dump all caught commands cli example: .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  null   check
truth:  test   configuration

test:  return the name of the strength .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  depth   callback
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack an archive .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  filename   filename

test:  update a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  update   volume

test:  this function will return the current sleep to sleep for the currently active time .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  sleep   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  groupmeans groupmeans and image2array if it is a copy of the given directory .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  compute   images
truth:  calculates   null

test:  pause a message .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  pause   a
truth:  test   test

test:  executes the difference between the candidate and the current configuration .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  set   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  l2-inf norm .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   norm

test:  generate an option value for the given option and a list of option .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  look   up
truth:  pass   in

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set options in options .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  function   students
truth:  adds   authentication

test:  converts a numpy array into a numpy array of elements .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  given   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set current user and store it to context .
truth: set g . 
test:  get   a
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a ubuntu linux container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   log
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  raise an exception for invalid operations .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  apply   redirects
truth:  null   handler

test:  return memory usage in bytes .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  null   memory
truth:  return   memory

test:  does the larger of the prefix starts with prefix .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  given   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  comb   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  set the given properties on a security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  mount a location access to paths .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  search   null
truth:  mount   mount

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the thumbnail .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  get   image
truth:  get   get

test:  get a long description of a file .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  given   face
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the logged in the database .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   safety

test:  convert a binary string into a hex encoding .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  null   none
truth:  convert   binary

test:  returns an iterator over the entire permutations of n times .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  count   null
truth:  null   null

test:  validates g for all nodes that are weighted to a dominating dom .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate the binary sample file and block of the master .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  records   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  returns a uniform stored in the configuration .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  null   matches
truth:  null   distribution

test:  serialize obj to json and decode it .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  like   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  download the release cover art for a given release .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  download   download

test:  makes the clip go away by one clip .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  adds indentation to the context .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a deferred that can connect to a connections .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  makes   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  bench   bench
truth:  null   tools

test:  get all metadata about all metadata from the database .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  import   a

test:  test bayesian info .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  boolean   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure that line comments are included in the path .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  generate standard kindofgarch inverse of kindofgarch samples parameters ar : float estimate of the process leakyrelu : array_like .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  simulate   garch

test:  remove whitespace from whitespace .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  enroll student in a student and create a student .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  unenroll   values
truth:  enroll   a

test:  set the default thread and suppress the removal .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  always return a path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the last letter of a sequence .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute the command .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  determine   parses
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates comments in parent with parent comments .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  update   add
truth:  update   update

test:  returns a drive memory from a ps file .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   rss

test:  get source data .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  get   uses
truth:  to   helper

test:  email address with global namespaces with global address .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  implement   add
truth:  return   return

test:  install or upgrade a paypal server installed .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  raises   return
truth:  require   conda

test:  sets the locale for the current category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  register an admin extension .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  register   extension

test:  make a plot plot .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  given a file .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  performs the ref decision .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  stop   signals
truth:  set   set

test:  checks if the address is a valid ip address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  determine   checks
truth:  determine   null

test:  simple function to return the string containing newline in an html fashion .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  installs a ruby implementation .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  give   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if data is valid .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  null   sensors

test:  use this mode for boto3 that use a test set .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  set   strip
truth:  track   track

test:  api to handle github commit .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  to   api
truth:  to   api

test:  generate weighted choice choice from choices .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  get sqs currently set on an rds instance .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  return   verbose
truth:  get   a

test:  send a user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  print   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  converts qubit to the qubit descriptors .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  like   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  convert the given function to a python expression .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  save   null

test:  given a dictionary of parameters .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  look   null

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  yaml: dry publish dry call to the build failures .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  null   reading
truth:  null   null

test:  print information about bulk build jail cli example: .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  return   null
truth:  run   bulk

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class and parse its prepopulated_fields .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the number of logical cpus in the system (same as os .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the score values from the possible score values .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expands a name to a single filename .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert iterable to tuples .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  object   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of meters for a source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sine function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  null   return
truth:  elementwise   sin

test:  get a query string used by quoting a query .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  function   a
truth:  query   query

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  validates whether value is a valid validator for use as give the value of the validation .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  goes   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a report way to use a report class by callable .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  closes   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  verify that you want to run a wrapper with its stdout .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  returns   guess
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns the class of a classname .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  get   a

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get details about a node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  gets   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  check for profitbricks configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  check   return
truth:  set   up

test:  add an auth auth url to url .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   auth

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  include   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  check that the plotly graph is a plotly graph .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   a

test:  return a linear transform of the given sequence .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  input   pylint
truth:  shared   theano

test:  a version of the actual tree of a tgrep2 which is the same engine .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  produce   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  returns a dictionary mapping categories names to ordered dict of categories that need to be sorted with tab related to sort a list of categories for categories .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   return

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   returns
truth:  seek   null

test:  escape special characters in text so that it can be used within a python web without accidentally closing it .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  gets   escape
truth:  escape   values

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  send a date on the local machine .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  purge a organization or raise if it does not exist .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  purge   null

test:  remove users that have the same meaning as any of the fields .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  separates   users

test:  test that a record can be ignored into the python line .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to see if a virtualserver device exists cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  convert suds object into a python object .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  convert   obj
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate a repository class that maps to the internal specification .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  builds   create
truth:  called   null

test:  return the power of the sample function .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute shortest path lengths between all nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a set-like field path .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  given   a
truth:  take   a

test:  set a host on a host or a other host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  set   commands
truth:  simulates   null

test:  add a new tenants name cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  add   a

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   method

test:  convert a long map sequence into the micropennies .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   price

test:  try to generate all matplotlib axis from a given image .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  create   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  number of bits needed to generate a new value .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   size

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   null
truth:  are   null

test:  fuse a function to have a field of a type parameters .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  null   getitem

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cm service prompt section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   service

test:  adds an iterable of tuples to every level of its tuples .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  base64   dumps
truth:  null   shape

test:  sample prediction at fitting .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  default page handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   a
truth:  default   default

test:  show legend about any commands .
truth: map command . 
test:  show   details
truth:  command   command

test:  context manager to send the cli cli tool .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  start   null
truth:  handle   irc

test:  handle selection values .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  wrap   *
truth:  finds   null

test:  standard the html arguments in django .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   null

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  use a vpc that returns a vpc instance by name .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract the javascript msgids from the source file .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  extract   wrapper
truth:  return   message

test:  ensure x by scaling y .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  copy   scaling
truth:  makes   null

test:  create a figure with given figure .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get the list of the currently sent via the api .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read in a file .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  replace   fetch
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a user preference for the specified user .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  delete   tests
truth:  deletes   a

test:  performs a text pager on the pager .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get all registered groups for the current thread .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  raise a warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  log   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  whether a and b are microseconds .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the logging behavior of logging .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  extended   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create a model populated with the given model .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  create   create
truth:  given   a

test:  diagonalgaussians -> 500s import .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  tests   load
truth:  code   code

test:  list roles from a server cli example: .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  template tag to generate a stream .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  test corrmat from distances .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the path of a test file .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  place a specified order by running the passed place .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  unset   null
truth:  place   place

test:  given a policy name .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  given   null
truth:  detach   detach

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the sony component .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  override   setup
truth:  config   config

test:  class decorator that injects the decorated class with the given class .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  raises   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to have a new status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  produce a clause between predicate .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  return a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fetch github request .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  pull   download
truth:  pull   pull

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  dump the content of the content containing simple so that it is authorized to the password database .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  sign   null
truth:  format   format

test:  common metric code for sys_v .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  create   setup
truth:  null   null

test:  makes summary format .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   multiple

test:  execute the volume .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the instance of the trace .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   retry
truth:  return   return

test:  create an forwards password .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  use   a
truth:  add   add

test:  compile a file .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   notification

test:  display information about a specific specific domain cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  null   information
truth:  return   a

test:  updates global task accepted .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  updates   add
truth:  update   update

test:  tries to format the encodings .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  converts   attempts
truth:  null   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  declare   a

test:  builds a lambda function representing a tgrep2 search result .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  is this a windows metric .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  if   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are not equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  raises   wrapper
truth:  lists   lists

test:  creates the output filename and returns the output .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  handles a password .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  requests   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  empty a sentence of the expression in the sentence s .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  select   a
truth:  lambda   lambda

test:  convert a path to a display path for relative path: .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  download   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  tests whether a microsite is a valid set of regexp .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  recodes   view
truth:  null   factory

test:  constructs and returns the scheduler entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  execute a command and read it .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  determine whether the time ends with the big argument .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  null   return
truth:  used   function

test:  test the bond1 editor .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  filter   test
truth:  tests   editor

test:  get the default gcs name for the bucket .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  create   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of sets of the prefix for the first distances .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  mean   mean

test:  test reconstruction where and without zeros .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  standard paramiko .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  write   edit
truth:  print   a

test:  connect mappings to real source .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  formats   compute
truth:  induced   compute

test:  returns a random sentence-like string as a long integer .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  flip   a

test:  replaces the secret parameters from the secret dict .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  fill   filter
truth:  null   null

test:  provides the up the given user id .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  write comment acl to comment .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  expand   schedule
truth:  adds   new

test:  converts any given object to an internationalized construction .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  replace   returns
truth:  transform   transform

test:  coerce x to str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  create a schema .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  adds   database
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the wsgi application script as a wsgi application object .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  return the riemann function which is the linear quadratic equation .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  limit   limit

test:  configure the connected connected perspective on the server .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick the disk driver driver or by name .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  place   pick
truth:  pick   pick

test:  test that segment fails without having transfers .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  model   null
truth:  model   a

test:  set value in dictionary .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  order   lists
truth:  to   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the name of this image .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   image

test:  remove playlists from playlist .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  change   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  setup redis available redis pools .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  set   up
truth:  starts   null

test:  converts a list of strings to a list .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  take   null
truth:  make   a

test:  decodes the object input and returns a base64 encoded string .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   returns
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  generate the fields as a fields and a json object representing the fields for auto if the resource is not considered .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  documents the resource action of a resource .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  returns the cache object for the current thread .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the salt job id of created job id .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a tuple of symbol and a tuple that is sorted by a tuple of variables .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  publish messages to a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   null
truth:  publish   messages

test:  the character should not use the tip .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  header   null
truth:  if   a

test:  restores a config file to a directory .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restores   a

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  compile all regular expressions in the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  return   pull
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an a6 record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  build the edge connectivity for nodes and h .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   digraph

test:  returns a factory that can be used for the message-id data .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that returns a 404 request status .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  on windows .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all available outlines elements .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   stdout

test:  load a keyfile .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  load   return
truth:  null   a

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  draw   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  return true if user is allowed to view the user .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  verify   user
truth:  returns   a

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  if   auth
truth:  if   auth

test:  download current notification view for a test_case .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if a checker contains a directory .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc id or tags .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   vpc

test:  load config from a file .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  config   config
truth:  validates   validates

test:  send and return response for msgpack body .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   frame

test:  list all catalogs available for the given {'results' .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return the cassandra version for this cluster .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  modifies   changes
truth:  show   show

test:  convert the document of an element to a ast .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  set   converts
truth:  find   find

test:  upgrade all packages via setuptools and upgrade .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  run   upgrade
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  load   null
truth:  work   work

test:  creates a new dict with items created by their key .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  null   create
truth:  index   index

test:  return the reversed network address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  take   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  in that a user is allowed to being run against a cron user .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  return   value
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   info
truth:  null   replacement

test:  custom not execution should not be logged in the client .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  view   sqlobjects
truth:  verify   users

test:  print an indented message followed by an indented stack trace .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a monitor .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  given a field name and a mako code .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  parse   data

test:  gets the version string for a given version .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  validate an url content .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  stop stop and reason} from agreement .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  formats   formats

test:  resnet-50 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  verify that the specified key is enabled according to the specified name the name of the configured key to the volume group name .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  check   check
truth:  enable   enable

test:  deploy the application .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  check a dotted name .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  sets the logging for a file .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adds the specified headers to the vary page .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  replace   method
truth:  adds   null

test:  proxy to locate the given url .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  send   return
truth:  opens   a

test:  waits for login to see if he is responding .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  make   multiple

test:  returns metadata as a list of vsphere associated with the given image id .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  get   image

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  amazon connections of many threads .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list all environment variables .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  list   in
truth:  return   return

test:  read a reflog file .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   reflog

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  if   checks

test:  base64 decodes a base64 string .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  check adding the file to the filename on the file system .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  adding   check
truth:  adding   check

test:  compile a function and return a dict .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  given   a

test:  compute a line p2 entez .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   null

test:  compute fourier transform for a int_0^oo or a int_0^oo matrix .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   name
truth:  compute   a

test:  converts a bcd value to a decimal value .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert an array into a human readable size .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  fixed   null

test:  return the identity matrix of the attribute for the given attribute .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  applies   edges
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a list of sets of the current placeholder values .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  if   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  compute kernel of two continuous variables .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   product

test:  parse text and return resulting expected .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  null   use
truth:  to   helper

test:  identify a new number .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the minkowski minkowski vector .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  make sure that line is blacklisted to a fake module .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   python

test:  return the diff of the file based on the difference .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  multi-dimensional convolve correlation .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  calculate   correlation
truth:  null   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  read samples from a file .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  return   return
truth:  read   data

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against against one to all against variables parameters nm : ndarray .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  null   contrast

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multi-dimensional closing closing filter .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   greyscale

test:  bind a shallow check .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a page to link a member .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  -   calls
truth:  run   security

test:  convert a timestamp string to a timestamp string .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the default app engine .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  force   manager
truth:  default   default

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  get the grade block grade access to the problem .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  handles   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate that value is a valid title .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  performs explorations search on a query .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  search   function
truth:  searches   searches

test:  registers a mimetype handler for use as a # for the given class .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   a

test:  delete sequences from the simplified loop .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  -   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a python source file from the line which starts a list of features .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  like   null
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  return true if a file exists and is a directory .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  build the sql statement and update it .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  print   print

test:  retrieves the resource unmounted .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  func   filter
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve a slug list from a raw list .
truth: get slug . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  get   slug

test:  generate a csv containing all students in a course and upload the csv profile to an s3 bucket .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  synchronize the flask request handling .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  clean   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate sample ids allocated to sample counts .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  inspired   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the slice attribute of the decimal and decimal it .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  compute computenode computenode .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  like   like

test:  set the contours to be used as a contour object .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  set   set
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve instance type access by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   instance
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  performs a getcfs check on a file .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  caches   caches

test:  search for a service .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  given   lists
truth:  search   search

test:  separate top-level lines with blank lines declaration .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   null
truth:  separate   null

test:  configure l{deferred} and sends a file/folder to it on the output .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  used   a
truth:  see   null

test:  compute the code for a __name__ code .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   worker
truth:  contained   code

test:  read a private key from a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  create   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  tests the superset between 0 and east .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a fixtures suitable for use by the project .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an integer to datetime .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  adds some headers to the given response to the given httpresponse .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  group a sequence of values by name .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a random normalformgame instance from a given game .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  we need this to pass this interfaces to owners .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this property .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the global options used by this hyper returns the global values .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that a given path is installed .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  converts a string to unicode .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the control segment name of a control directory .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of host keywords from the given lexer .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  converts   text
truth:  get   get

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  restart   restart

test:  a test runner which is added to test .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  add   variables
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator for reduction methods that represent the decorated function as parameter .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorates   a

test:  the operation of the operation .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  host   a
truth:  return   operation

test:  load the pip version .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  try   null
truth:  return   a

test:  class decorator to set the class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieve task statuses and return various status code .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  retrieve   task

test:  try to start a fnpickle object .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  open   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  provides a rule to use the difference of the rule .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  translates   filters
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse the given ip from the supplied packet .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the version of the network .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  guess the type of the message .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  object   null
truth:  return   return

test:  twitter the twitter job .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  use   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prints a list of tuples in the data .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  rules   variable
truth:  testing   testing

test:  update an asset asset by rules in the combination .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} = homogeneous equations .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  set up the netatmo module .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  register   override
truth:  creates   null

test:  skip test unless a database is lms .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   file
truth:  run   run

test:  whether server is handled when server fails .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   null

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns directly modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  scan for the packages and import functions in the image .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  return   get
truth:  package   package

test:  helper to return the desired subnet based on the master group .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create the dtype of a given array .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  load if language is set .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  provides   load
truth:  translated   returns

test:  long line candle .
truth: advance block . 
test:  null   line
truth:  block   block

test:  test event schema validation .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   ldap
truth:  test   test

test:  explicitly add a tree .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  bounce   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  write idea with the same name .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  null   like
truth:  output   output

test:  get the shader id of the user .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  is   null
truth:  have   null

test:  return a loose function by context .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sign a string signature .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  retrieves group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a list of source objects .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  load   copy
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud controller for option lookups .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test hermite cardinal interpolation interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  test   hermite

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  use   server
truth:  function   function

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_list .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  updates an existing quota group cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns the full profile image name for a complete image .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  loads the filedownload for the user .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  zoneinfo-based the tzinfo used by the memcache to dicts .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   reload

test:  obtain output from show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check replacements against a single vector .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   precision

test:  wrapper for :jenkins-wiki:envinject .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return true if path is a python module/package .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  exit [<code>] exits twill .
truth: internal function . 
test:  exit   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read users from the given string .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  return   display
truth:  string   string

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   a
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set traffic to one closed .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  set   a
truth:  value   value

test:  raises an exception if the supplied string is not a valid string or a subclass .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  check that import tests are not using translation function .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  send a specific block device after a specified block cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  unblock   a
truth:  block   a

test:  estimator and saves any metadata from the json file .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  set   metadata

test:  gram-schmidt-like decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   w

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the minimum components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transform all qapp objects into memory .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  basestring   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  export from sys .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  null   a
truth:  export   export

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  apply impulse .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  applies   resolves
truth:  apply   apply

test:  computes the compr covariance matrix from development data .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  compute   image

test:  returns the sum of axes along an axis .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  computes   function
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  start the debugger and set its rpc link by instantiating .
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the rendered widget widget to the admin widget .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  print   null
truth:  render   a

test:  private function to list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   lists
truth:  function   function

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  yield successive chunks from l with n chunks .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   a

test:  convert a file size in bytes into a human readable format .
truth: formats size . 
test:  like   size
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats a date according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  returns   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  return a list of the quota volume .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  correct   prefix
truth:  list   quotas

test:  expansion of the start of the expansion converted to the key of the start and sine .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  trims   termination
truth:  -   -

test:  check that the given deferred is valid .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  check   google

test:  try to pretty printing for the provided atoms .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  like   replace
truth:  if   null

test:  update a session plot .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   loop
truth:  update   update

test:  set a list of all available kernel for a users incrontab cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  return   power
truth:  returns   a

test:  tool with respect to the partial vectorized vectorized .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  returns   jacobian
truth:  null   regression

test:  the main function runs the nested dictionary of the command line up to the nested dictionary .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  direct   update
truth:  nested   update

test:  set assignment cohorts for cohort .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns the product of the d-dimensions .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  null   elements
truth:  check   check

test:  create an public certificates for the given public @todo: .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  return   maximum
truth:  get   get

test:  store all media files associated with a document and an existing document .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  store   store

test:  helper to unify .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  construct   helper
truth:  null   sparse

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  test that a setup is installed from a local one .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  hidden   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  method to run a stream in the specified stream .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  to   method

test:  split the keyword string into a list of keyword arguments .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  split   converts
truth:  split   a

test:  delete a security group from a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  transforms all possible possible possible possible application in the given app .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  writes the message to stdout .
truth: output a string . 
test:  convert   debug
truth:  output   a

test:  gets the path to the root directory .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   in

test:  get vlm_media instance title by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   vlm_media
truth:  get   vlm_media

test:  merge all entries that merges a list of entries into one .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  take   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  return name matching name .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolve   name
truth:  resolve   a

test:  return a unique file name for the contents of the file name .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  determine if a iterator has a query-string type .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  return   map
truth:  takes   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from prefix and xml element .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  verifies that the named user is absent for the specified user .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  get a list of reason from a passed in the directory .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  get   imports
truth:  get   a

test:  add iers to this plugin .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  warn   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  read the set of details from one of the cluster .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  returns   logger
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns the path to the profiler .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  given   get
truth:  given   null

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  parses   a

test:  compute greatest factorial factorization of f in k[x] .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  transform   polynomial
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  creates and returns the push script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  updates the portage tree cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   filters
truth:  updates   updates

test:  flatten nested this generator .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  this decorator should be called with the get_score function .
truth: run some function . 
test:  existing   return
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a native set to a python set .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the default ddir theme or add paths to paths it .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   system

test:  list floating ips .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  floating   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return an absolute path to a data directory .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   path

test:  add a zone to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  interfaces   schedule
truth:  bind   bind

test:  ensures that a message is displaying a valid application .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  display   a

test:  tear down the current thread .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  uninstall   stop
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper to load a login on a given player .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  to   dict
truth:  null   a

test:  removes the string remove from the right of a file .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the carving of a gcode file .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  returns the float of the elements of an iterable .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sum   sum

test:  translates tweets into a csv file of tweets .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  selected   config
truth:  selected   null

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  allocated   update

test:  asynchronously retrieves the rpc protocol bytes for a given model .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  allocates   null

test:  write the checkpoint checkpoint to the cluster checkpoint file .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  create   a
truth:  write   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a generator for chain() .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  report   -
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  truth truth value for plot .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get an aws connection for a service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a consistency group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test transformations of images .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply the transpose of the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  try to retrieve a list of resources in the given root directory .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  given   null
truth:  find   find

test:  tests if social plugin has properly processed the image .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator to protect fibre links by breach and comparing them .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  name   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  precompute the distance between two continuous labels .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  construct   default
truth:  labels   labels

test:  validate that all the keys in dict to dict to check that start .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a volume cache entry .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  copy validation or [instance] to row .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write a double-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  remove a cluster version .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  stops   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the current local path for a given virtual host .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  get   android
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as a decimal b .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs a command in a subshell and returns its chomp if it is a string otherwise .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  call   pylint
truth:  write   null

test:  assign lists of glance as returned by the dot property of a list of lists .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a wrapper around the bulk zip file .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  given   module
truth:  generate   a

test:  imports an object by string in dotted notation .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  subtract   null
truth:  comapare   null

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in base64 .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the block scalar .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  send   null
truth:  return   volumes

test:  return discovery entry in the idmapper .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  run   run

test:  loads sympifiable periodogram along the given axis of an array .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a copy of the value that are not in a given sequence .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  escape the image according to the ajax url .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  return   return

test:  regular expression "s" .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  prints   lookup
truth:  get   a

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  associate the security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   null

test:  delete an item .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  exposes   null

test:  writes mapping file .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  output   script
truth:  applies   null

test:  parse the function function for a specific plugin plugin .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  parse   ldap
truth:  null   null

test:  set a value in a subnet .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test that the average score failed .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  estimate gradient of stochastic ridge error function .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  estimate   a
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse hive-site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   fetch
truth:  parse   parse

test:  construct common but totient in a path .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove wsgi intercept from host .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   port
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds a message with the info level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  adds   a

test:  look up a home file for a given path file .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  given   find
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator that checks that a user is an last-modified for this application to see if a handler is less than a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  rebuild variable length of each variable .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  compute   file
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compile the given and install and install word .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return request fingerprint based on the request .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that value is a valid credentials .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   optional

test:  a simple wrapper around a single unification according to iso half value .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  command   integer
truth:  null   null

test:  convert uint to uint .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  enforce   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the video subtitle .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   new

test:  retrieve a project instance .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  project   project
truth:  projects   projects

test:  given a filename or a list of patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  connect to aws configservice :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  decode the given preferred preferred preferred encoding .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decodes   returns
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a list of supplied instructor certificates for the given course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  generating   start

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   django
truth:  view   view

test:  test that before and after it is not built with a good attribute that should not be returned .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  fetches   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  read text for a text using a remote api call this function is the correct line of a text key .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  use   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  collects a base path for a base class .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prints a string that invokes the __init__ .
truth: format sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   sys

test:  returns an array of tensor .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  sending aws .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  forces   routine
truth:  wrap   a

test:  given a theano variable y: a theano variable expr: a theano expression involving x and y returns the ajax things .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return true if version is greater than the version number .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  func   versions
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the dacl on the device cli example: .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  resolves   owner
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure that a specific option is present in set .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  ensure   dict
truth:  ensure   null

test:  attach a total points counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   test
truth:  attach   null

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  marks a location as deleted .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  deletes   image

test:  clears an exploration and update its okay .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  set   update
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a list of cyclic expressions .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  null   rules
truth:  replace   replace

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  compute the kinetic function inplace .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a module name .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the current app environment variable inside the context .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  control   manager
truth:  null   contextmanager

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  search for a package in the use of an user .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  get   a
truth:  search   search

test:  returns whether the object is a unicode string .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  if   null
truth:  filename   filename

test:  returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download data from the remote server .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  function   mock
truth:  null   device

test:  return all whitespace in memcache format .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  used   load
truth:  reads   a

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of temp .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an rpc object for use with the app identity api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  attempt to set aws access key from script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  to   get
truth:  to   attempt

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  inverse of forrt for monte interpolation .
truth: given data x . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  given   data

test:  returns the pid for a container .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return information about the top command cli example: .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  get   tree
truth:  run   run

test:  run the command and merge the job events .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  null   command
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  call this function via the <theano varnish .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  signal   ctrl+c
truth:  take   ctrl+c

test:  given the directory of a backup file .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  backup   course
truth:  figure   figure

test:  initialize the south module .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  connect   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  block a remote host and return an does not match it .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  create and initialize a row from a json dictionary .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  given   elements
truth:  convert   json

test:  create the worker metadata .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  wrap   setup
truth:  create   create

test:  deprecated: list associated with a baremetal node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  print   print

test:  return url for primary keys .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for demo templates .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the absolute deviation along the given axis of a box .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  modify responses to a course .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  broadcast   null
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the inverse of the inverse transform of matrices .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a unicode string that detects if the unicode value of explicit explicit .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  make   null
truth:  call   str

test:  set the main method of the main option of the css list .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  set   css
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert none to .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  color   setup
truth:  defines   null

test:  get the type of an object .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  set up a color for the user .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  create and returns a new file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  gets the class of the desired tris .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   triangles

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression arrow id .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  check whether this field can be stub to introspect .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to save and restart the current thread .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  return etc_services information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  etc_services   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set up the list of available modules .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  generate   buildbot
truth:  set   set

test:  get the mask for a mask based on its value .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  if   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check for serving serving runtime on transport .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build mock table .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert percentage to native format space .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  counts   compare
truth:  convert   a

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  adds   x
truth:  add   y

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid number .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns true if the only interactive python implementation is a parameters: interactive .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator to add an event to an existing handler .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  register   event

test:  gets all the widgets assigned to the current user and stores it .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  returns   a

test:  prepare up the average data and train and train it as root .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  get   calls
truth:  get   wmt

test:  main page for static users .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  allow   view
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setraw setraw means that does not have a aces when an alter is far .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  calculate   sync
truth:  put   put

test:  generate a set of nodes from gzip .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  read   read

test:  return a string describing the current decimal number .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  split the given expression into a list of named tuples .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  create an invariant for either pset or pvector .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  wraps   create
truth:  create   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   upload
truth:  push   a

test:  test that the environment keys are present in the command line .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  set   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   arguments
truth:  generate   generate

test:  determine the unicode text of a month .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  null   text
truth:  null   part

test:  create a dictionary for interacting with the given location and the result for all lun lun .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  create the tarball of a tarball containing main files .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  create   a

test:  create difference fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   create

test:  unary_expression : plusplus unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  get the number of hqe objects .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  host   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  builds a dictionary from a hashing string .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  build   a

test:  set the lower metadata bound to md5 md5 module .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  change   a
truth:  set   set

test:  decorator to execute the arguments of stdout and ls .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  does   accepts
truth:  implements   hadoop

test:  run the designated ipython .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  doctest   null
truth:  to   function

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  plot a partial point and print it .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  draw   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  decorator to skip test if svd is true .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the textual level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  removes the configured probes from the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns a short .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  given   a
truth:  builds   customer

test:  clears caches for the current time .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is missing .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  generates a random alphanumeric string of a given length .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  asserts that the given exception is thrown by the given expression .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  fail   assert
truth:  fail   null

test:  this decorator wraps a function and raise an exception if its not installed .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  null   a
truth:  restart   a

test:  return a list of all tests in the given prefix .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a dotted path return the class path for the specified module path .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  gpu deconv with respect to weight using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  compute   convert
truth:  sets   up

test:  decorator for concrete volume replaces the volume with the given volume .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns spec .
truth: some functions . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  run the work() method .
truth: main program . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   program

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  comb   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  test transformations with non input .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the nodes of a degree .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   node

test:  load the us macro from the given string .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that the tax number is valid .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the tetrahedral graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the base data directory for the given path and returns it .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  gets   path
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the python implementation configured with the given version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that expired and 3 instances of autoscale instances .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  if   secrets
truth:  if   url

test:  returns true if obj is changed .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  -   a
truth:  check   check

test:  alternative implementation of a checker .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  function   worksheet
truth:  compute   compute

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  emulates   null
truth:  like   mkdir

test:  check if a sum is a square host-name .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  take a sequence of python objects and return a string of a python values .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  take   a

test:  splits a title into a list of lists .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  split   title
truth:  split   a

test:  convert a propositional logical sentence to a sympy expression .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  expr   expr

test:  create directory if it does not exist .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the list of organisations a specific organization .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  auxiliary function to be passed as an resolving action .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  go   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a generator of the handler to show the given collection .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a csv file is valid .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check for profitbricks configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extract a token for a authentication id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  write a log mapped mapped to the given base log .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  log   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   null
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the dark sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  outputs a date on the page .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  marks the given property as shop .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validates   a

test:  convert integer in n from host-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  null   return
truth:  convert   integer

test:  loads items from the item at the given item and returns the stored time path .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   item

test:  tell whether a given package is installed .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a lock id .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  returns   integer
truth:  finds   a

test:  get the latest flexget version number for a github api .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if *obj* is a type .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  translate an application error to an app error .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  load a class by name .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   null

test:  download a deferred and return a deferred that will be called by a task in a deferred .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  call   a
truth:  run   a

test:  export stats for use in post data .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  export   export
truth:  stats   stats

test:  deletes an image from gce .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns json deserialized hook .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  null   decoder

test:  convert a value that can be represented as an int .
truth: get opt . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  get   opt

test:  disable an disinherit acl by name .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  accept   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert a pair of characters to a considered string .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  adds a task with reserved information .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this is mostly mostly compatibility function for getting a proxies .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  null   query
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check to make sure the log is not logs not correct: log .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  check   -
truth:  -   -

test:  task to given step .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  set   calls
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   date_time
truth:  convert   date_time

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  code   code

test:  construct the mirror name from a volume .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  call   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if the desired array are not equal .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  check   check

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  recalculate   requires
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a map of the values into a list .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  splits   multi

test:  membership controller - combined create create unittest - uses the group of skill - used for adding/editing on the group table .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  wrap a method so it gets turned into the service .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   methods

test:  return an offset from a datetime object .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns true if this xblock has all limited keys for the specified xblock .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  read   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  updates the dmg makefile .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  file   compare
truth:  update   update

test:  return server lsmod cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create vbd and vdi from vm and vdi .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   verifies
truth:  create   create

test:  identify the format from the data into the google format .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  processes   template
truth:  loop   loop

test:  extract the messages from the page and return it as a message .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reduce the width of original_size by a constant .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  lists all the vlanids groups .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  count the number of characters in a string .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  -   return
truth:  null   method

test:  kill a pid by trying to a signal .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  signal   helper
truth:  kill   a

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  takes a dictionary and converts it to a corresponding dictionary with optional mapping .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  return true if the given job id is a valid file-format for the specified jid .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a cluster options for the given cluster .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  return   need
truth:  obtain   a

test:  return a list of steps for all steps .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns whether the requesting_user would be used with unrendered errors .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  return   return

test:  add a handler to the internal cleanup list .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  register   handler

test:  returns true if list is a list of arbitrary or 3d .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates a web page url .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  generate a random word string .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  gets the slice corresponding to the given axis .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  object   returns
truth:  slice   slice

test:  adds a query to a url .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  null   add
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  takes a batch of data and fills it args: session: : a batch of strings of each list of indices of a batch : int .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  create multiple tags from a list of resource tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  list   list
truth:  recreate   tags

test:  execute a command in a subprocess and wait it .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   interface

test:  generates the base domain name for a url .
truth: for example . 
test:  url   a
truth:  null   example

test:  cause classpath from a given url .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  get   urls
truth:  convert   convert

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using "lazy" loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  return a list of all python modules that describes a given python modules .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  models should not import .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  make the user .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  delete   create
truth:  execute   a

test:  use this to move repo account to repo .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  get the mattermost options from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  delete an resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the multisplit namespaces from a container .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  list   a
truth:  split   split

test:  for a highstate plot .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  query   returns
truth:  get   row

test:  compute savgol filter .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  computes   range
truth:  apply   a

test:  stacks arrays along an axis .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  resample   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  send a message to the given error message .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  check   status
truth:  input   input

test:  return the path to a page .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  return   link
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a protobuf image to a file object .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

